who played lucy on the big bang theory ?
number of starbucks stores in the united states ?
who played the doctor in death becomes her ?
who does the voice for bob on bobs burgers ?
when did the first fifa game come out ?
who plays serena's boss on gossip girl ?
where was the movie beast of no nation acted ?
what movie comes first in the hannibal series ?
where do the majority of islamic followers live ?
who played the incredible hulk in the movie ?
who is the starting quarterback for the minnesota vikings this year ?
who won the ncca basketball championship last year ?
who was associated with the establishment of the banaras hindu university ?
when did puerto rico became a commonwealth state ?
what is the meaning of mohenjo daro in sindhi ?
where was the first taco john's located ?
who played smith on sex and the city ?
9. what is the capital of washington state ?
when does fiffty shades freed come out on dvd ?
where did the idea of indian removal originate ?
who was the last surviving soldier of the civil war ?
what two teams are in the stanley cup final ?
who played lucas mccain son on the rifleman ?
what are the wisdom books in the bible ?
how many episodes in series 7 of scandle ?
where is irish spoken as a first language ?
where was the movie august osage county filmed ?
who was the pledge of allegiance written for ?
how many languages are there in the philipines ?
who plays walter denton on our miss brooks ?
where was the movie bullet for a badman filmed ?
who was the president of mexico in 1848 ?
where does the movie shape of water take place ?
when did the maple leafs last win the cup ?
who played alan dershowitz in reversal of fortune ?
who's playing quarterback for green bay packers ?
who did oklahoma play in the bowl game this year ?
who played marty's dad in back to the future 2 ?
who is betagold in the gospel according to larry ?
what movie has the song on the road again ?
who is the most recent member of the supreme court ?
who played batman in the dark knight rises ?
who starred in the original a star is born ?
who won the most grammys in the world ?
who played billie reed on days of our lives ?
who is the speaker of the united states house of representatives ?
what season of walking dead is on tv ?
when did the bucks win the super bowl ?
which country is the largest oil producer in the world ?
where was the movie season of the witch filmed at ?
the largest country in land mass in western europe is ?
when did the supreme court get nine justices ?
who plays claire underwood's mom on house of cards ?
where was the movie the shape of water made ?
what movie was the song midnight rider in ?
who's running for lieutenant governor in georgia ?
what are the different ministries in the bible ?
where does southwest airlines fly in new york ?
who was the longest serving prime minister of britain ?
who played princess elizabeth in the white queen ?
how far is it from el paso texas to austin texas ?
when does hurricane season end in the united states ?
who played peter in the 1992 film peters friends ?
when did kobe make his first all star team ?
who wrote the dance sung by garth brooks ?
what is the origin of the name david ?
who was the third president of the united states ?
what was italy's currency before the euro ?
how many episodes are there in this is us season 1 ?
what does the symbol in the middle of the iranian flag mean ?
who was the only president to be buried in washington dc ?
where does the last name escobar come from ?
who played marsha in the brady bunch movie ?
what is the name of brazils national anthem ?
who plays sammy on days of our lives ?
who played luke skywalker in the new star wars films ?
who provided the voiceover for darth vader in the original star wars trilogy ?
when did the czech republic become a country ?
when did exploration to the inner solar system begin ?
how many states there is in the united states ?
sarus crane is the official bird of which state ?
who played lincoln in steven spielberg's lincoln ?
who plays queen victoria in victoria and abdul ?
what is meant by the budget of a country ?
what's the name of the latest star wars movie ?
when was the first university established in the world ?
when did justin bieber release his first album ?
who plays james potter in the harry potter movies ?
who is the actor that plays edward in twilight ?
when did robert frost wrote stopping by the woods ?
what is the easternmost point in the continental us ?
where was the hunt for the wilderpeople filmed ?
when was italy finally united as a single country ?
what is the drinking age in the philippines ?
who built the san luis rey de francia mission ?
when did the cavaliers win the nba championship ?
who is number 22 on the kansas city chiefs team ?
where was the aztec civilization located on a map ?
when is the last resident evil movie coming out ?
chief justice of the federal court of australia ?
who is the actress that plays debbie gallagher ?
what happened to the german kaiser during wwii ?
who came into power in france after the fall of the king ?
where is war for planet of the apes filmed ?
where does the ct river start and end ?
who were the members of the band damn yankees ?
first name of the leader of britains lib dems ?
who played dumbledore after the first one died ?
where is the rock and roll hall of fame in ohio ?
who played little ricky on the lucille ball show ?
when did the yankees win their last world series ?
who played wonder woman's mom in the movie ?
when did the east berlin wall go up ?
what is whitney houston's mother's name ?
in which language is the indian national anthem ?
where did the the three kings come from ?
what's the name of the newest transformers movie ?
country in west africa its capital is abuja ?
where is the call of the wild located ?
who plays bella on bella and the bulldogs ?
who plays faramir in lord of the rings ?
when was linkin park's first album released ?
what type of economy does the united states have ?
how many ethnic groups are there in eritrea ?
who are democrats running for governor in michigan ?
who is the governor of rbi in present ?
who is the current president of the czech republic ?
lake tahoe straddles the border between which two u.s. states ?
where did the first basketball game take place ?
who become the youngest nobel prize winner after winning nobel peace prize ?
who discovered that electricity and magnetism are related ?
who beat the falcons in the super bowl ?
where does a river runs through it take place ?
who played jai in the tarzan tv series ?
who played wonder woman's mother in the tv series ?
what is the family name on this is us ?
who discovered the theory of mass energy equivalence ?
who is the head of goverment in france ?
when did green bay play in the super bowl ?
4. the concept of attorney competence was defined by the u.s. supreme court in what case ?
who was the only us president to be married in the white house ?
who won best supporting actor at the baftas ?
in the bible who was sarah married to ?
where is the sinai peninsula on a map ?
who represents cameron county in the us house of representatives (texas dist. 34) ?
who was president when iowa became a state ?
what is the area code of kuala lumpur ?
who played darth vader in the original trilogy ?
what type of song did schubert specialize in ?
who is the democrat running for governor in ohio ?
where did the first significant military confrontation of the spanish-american war take place ?
when did the japanese surrender in world war ii ?
who won the conn smythe trophy in 2009 ?
who won the rugby between england and new zealand ?
judicial review allows the u.s. supreme court to undo which type of government decision ?
who is the actress that plays amy on big bang theory ?
who played the little boy in willy wonka ?
who has been to the summit of everest the most ?
who played michael jackson in the jacksons an american dream ?
who plays jane in the legend of tarzan ?
when is chapter 81 of jane the virgin coming out ?
who has the power to remove the president of the united states ?
who wrote the screenplay for harry potter movies ?
who is the original singer of i will always love you dolly parton ?
what is the symbol for the british pound ?
who plays the ancient one in dr strange ?
who starred in the a team tv series ?
who is the voice on how i met your mother ?
when did matt ryan play at boston college ?
what is the most populous ethnic group in sydney australia ?
who is the actor of sanam teri kasam ?
who did siobhan finneran play in coronation street ?
the first capital of georgia was in what city ?
when did the first snow white movie come out ?
how did the mother in how i met your mother died ?
when did amazon start selling things other than books ?
the book that describes how christ fulfills the function of a priest is ?
what are the colors of the atlanta braves ?
who won the college football national championship in 1945 ?
who wrote the song in my time of dying ?
which is the largest catholic church in the world ?
what city is the next winter olympics in ?
what is the primary religion in the united kingdom ?
who is the actor that plays lucifer in supernatural ?
who's playing in this year's world series ?
who played klinger on the tv show mash ?
the term of office for a member of the house of representatives is ?
who played anakin skywalker in revenge of the sith ?
when is the last time the dallas cowboys won the superbowl ?
the name of the mascot for 1996 olympics held at atlanta was ?
how many types of ministers are there in central government ?
where does porter airlines fly from in toronto ?
who is the ruling king of saudi arabia ?
how many episodes are there in the tv series yellowstone ?
who played the girl in the movie orphan ?
when did leonardo da vinci finish painting the mona lisa ?
who played the wife on the real mccoys ?
when did the raiders win the super bowl ?
when did young jeezy first album come out ?
hum dil de chuke sanam italy shooting location ?
where did the battle of langport take place ?
where does the name santo domingo come from ?
who plays dum dum dugan in captain america ?
how many athletes compete in the winter olympics games in 1924 ?
who won the tour de france after lance armstrong ?
when is new wonder woman movie coming out ?
what is the postal code for warri nigeria ?
how to write the name of god in hebrew ?
which 1966 novel is a prequel to jane eyre ?
whats the highest mountain in the united states ?
who was the first woman who ran for president ?
who plays hope mikaelson on the originals season 4 ?
what type of government does kenya have 2018 ?
who died in the hound of the baskervilles ?
how many seasons was the wire on tv ?
what's emma's real name from the fosters ?
when was harry potter and the half blood prince published ?
who wrote the words to flower of scotland ?
what kind of economic system china has at present ?
what was alaska before it became a state ?
who did janet jackson play on good times ?
where does the prime minister of canada live ?
who played nixon in days of future past ?
who won the popular vote in the 2012 presidential race ?
who's won the most college world series ?
who wrote the song home sung by michael buble ?
who played enos in dukes of hazzard movie ?
what is the most recent star trek movie ?
who starred in the new wonder woman movie ?
where was dukes of hazzard filmed in georgia ?
where is the women's rugby world cup played ?
what type of government does the united states have today ?
who is the president of holy cross college ?
who is the lead singer of the black eyed peas ?
how many countries do christian aid work in ?
what is the official residence of the vice president of the united states ?
where did the cherokee indian tribe come from ?
who is the governor of trans nzoia county ?
what was cory monteith last episode in glee ?
who did pam ferris play in harry potter ?
who sang the original version of tennessee whiskey ?
who plays zack in suite life on deck ?
what kind of flower is the yellow rose of texas ?
who helped israel in the yom kippur war ?
who plays royal scott in one tree hill ?
what was the name of the marx brothers ?
who is kevin's ex wife on this is us ?
who was the last president that was not a democrat or republican ?
actor that played gimli in lord of the rings ?
title of main officer in house of representatives ?
what year did italy win the world cup ?
what style of war was fought in wwi ?
who plays the guitar in rihanna's wild thoughts ?
who did the voice of et in the movie ?
where does the last name wilson originate from ?
who are the quarterbacks for the seattle seahawks ?
who is the film american made based on ?
who stars in the new movie breaking in ?
what kind of animation is the movie coraline ?
who played the dad in the jackson 5 movie ?
who is the attorney general of new hampshire ?
which city and state hosts the annual college world series ?
what genre of music does whitney houston sing ?
what is the name of j cole new album ?
other names for the president of the united states ?
name of present minister of education in nigeria ?
who are the musicians on whose line is it anyway ?
where did hurricane ike make landfall in 2008 ?
when did korea became a colony of japan ?
who flew the first airplane in the world ?
what is the source of the federal court systems authority ?
where is the national stadium located in jamaica ?
who played in last year's fa cup final ?
when did hurricane maria make land fall on puerto rico ?
how many congressional districts are there in michigan ?
which revolution gave the idea of liberty equality and fraternity ?
which city was the capital of the former soviet union and is today the capital of russia ?
who played lex luthor in batman vs superman dawn of justice ?
how many championships does the wizards franchise have ?
which university in the us has the most students ?
who was the first woman elected to the us senate ?
when did the dallas cowboys last win a superbowl ?
who plays samson's mom in the movie samson ?
who plays emma frost in x-men first class ?
how long was america's involvement in the vietnam war ?
who won the season series between yankees and red sox ?
what city does the equalizer take place in ?
who were the subjects of most roman sculptures ?
who made the first telephone in the world ?
where is the taiga located in north america ?
when did jackie robinson get the mvp award ?
who was the main actress in the shape of water ?
who is the youngest elected president of the united states ?
who played luke skywalker in empire strikes back ?
what river is in san antonio tx on riverwalk ?
where is the university of kansas jayhawks located ?
who won the 2010 heisman trophy for college football ?
list of countries trying to join the eu ?
who plays charlie's daughter on anger management ?
what does sarah name mean in the bible ?
what's the population of the greater chicago area ?
how many seasons of hinterland are on netflix ?
who published diary of a wimpy kid the getaway ?
when did lucent technologies spin off from at&t ?
a government that is chosen by its citizens is called a ?
who is la reina del sur based on ?
when was san luis rey de francia built ?
who won cma male vocalist of the year ?
who plays the hulk in the avengers movies ?
who is mulder's father on the x files ?
how many supreme court justice's are there ?
what is the longest-running scripted primetime tv series in the us ?
who is the actor that plays the predator ?
who's running for lieutenant governor in virginia ?
who is the current imam of masjid nabawi ?
who played shaggy in the original scooby doo ?
where is most of the water in the body located ?
where is the leaning tower of pisa located in rome ?
when did the roman empire reach its greatest extent ?
what part of the world is india in ?
where does allegiant air fly to in florida ?
who played meg on family guy in 1999 ?
when did iran change its name from persia ?
where is the parthenon located in ancient greece ?
in the little albert experiment who was the theorist ?
how many judges are there in supreme court now ?
who wrote the book of corinthians in the holy bible ?
who played mr. furley on three's company ?
what channel is abc 11 on time warner cable ?
who did beyonce play in the movie cadillac records ?
when did the ottoman empire take over turkey ?
who did the voice of jack frost in rise of the guardians ?
who founded the first fire fighting team in america ?
when did the singer from the cranberries die ?
who plays cora's mother on downton abbey ?
when did kate chopin write the story of an hour ?
who is the actress that plays elizabeth on general hospital ?
who played ed green on law & order ?
who plays the guitar in the movie august rush ?
who is the current president of united airlines ?
what is a person who practices judaism called ?
who plays genie in aladdin return of jafar ?
who won last year's nba championship game ?
who played tarzan in the legend of tarzan ?
who represents mississippi in the house of representatives ?
what is that thing under the peace bridge ?
where was the movie true grit filmed with john wayne ?
who played role of joker in dark knight ?
star wars clone wars tv or movie first ?
who does luke kennard play for in the nba ?
who played cousin penny in that 70s show ?
who are the actresses in the movie the craft ?
where does the last name montenegro come from ?
who discovered protons and neutrons in the nucleus ?
who is the minister of finance in nigeria ?
the nation's newspaper of nigeria website is ?
who was voted the leader of the second continental congress ?
who is the actress that plays alice in twilight ?
which became the dominant religion of all of europe ?
who played the role of joker in batman ?
who is considered the founder of the theroy of evolution ?
who did the astros play in the world series ?
once upon a time in india title of which film ?
who did james faulkner play in downton abbey ?
where did they film and then there were none ?
the daughter of a priest and concubine of agamemnon ?
what is lil wayne's new album called ?
aravali ranges are an example of which mountain ?
when did the minnesota vikings become a football team ?
who is the owner of the washington post ?
what type of animal is a wild ibex ?
where was the battle of fort sumter fought ?
where does the darling river meet the murray ?
who plays josh in god's not dead ?
who played in the nfc championship game last year ?
when did michael jackson write man in the mirror ?
who won the nba finals the last 10 years ?
what film did charlize theron win an oscar for ?
where does time change on i 40 in tn ?
who came up with the theory of social darwinism ?
in what part of arkansas is the capital of little rock found ?
which country has the smallest population in north america ?
what is the latest version number of firefox ?
who wrote the book message in a bottle ?
what's the most religious country in the world ?
who played the bartender in the hot chick ?
who played sandra in only fools and horses ?
who played the son in smokey and the bandit ?
who was the 3rd president of the united states of america ?
how many loops in rock n roller coaster ?
who assassinated the heir to the austro-hungarian throne ?
who plays the homeless singer on the simpsons ?
where do most immigrants to the u.s. come from (which country ) ?
who plays victoria in young and the restless ?
where is the blue mosque located in turkey ?
when was the first car made what year ?
who is the head of state in nigeria ?
who gave the music to the song sare jahan se acha ?
what was neil patrick harris a doctor in ?
where did the northern kingdom of israel worship ?
who plays red riding hood in once upon a time ?
who does meg's singing voice in family guy ?
when did the king of thailand pass away ?
who does lois griffin's voice on family guy ?
who was the movie american sniper based on ?
where does the water from niagara river come from ?
what type of economic system does thailand have ?
where did the ancient civilization of sumer develop ?
who played tom cruise's wife in the movie the firm ?
where was the house of the spirits filmed ?
who wrote the lyrics to song for my father ?
who played the role of the mother in the film mother india ?
what is the population if new york city ?
who is in ringo's all starr band 2018 ?
who did mark wahlberg's vocals in rockstar ?
who is the secretary of education of the united states ?
what central american country was a british colony until 1981 ?
who plays leslie in the movie bridge to terabithia ?
who sang the theme tune to robin hood ?
what is the rank of the philippines in terms of economic status ?
actor who plays steve on days of our lives ?
who was the president that was an actor ?
where is the angel raphael mentioned in the bible ?
the death of stalin cast who plays stalin ?
how old was john f. kennedy when he became president ?
who played the wife in the king's speech ?
who did the president replace after trinidad and tobago became a republic ?
who is the owner of google and youtube ?
who is the longest serving prime minister of england ?
where do the green bay packers play their home games ?
what breed of dog is in fox and the hound ?
where is the original london bridge located now ?
the brunei national dollar (bnd) is pegged at the same value to which currency ?
when did the name of persia change to iran ?
when was the last time pistons won a championship ?
where are the concurrent powers of the federal parliament specifically stated in the constitution ?
rafael de la fuente movies and tv shows ?
what's the name of the new tomb raider movie ?
when did the broncos win back to back super bowls ?
what is the name of the 2nd percy jackson book ?
where do the cruise ships dock in new york ?
what kind of money is used in the netherlands ?
who won the election for president of mexico ?
when did the dodgers and yankees last play each other in the world series ?
who wrote the song wreck of the edmund fitzgerald ?
where was the battle of wilson's creek fought ?
when is the originals season 5 episode 7 coming out ?
who wrote the score for beauty and the beast ?
where is the ring of fire located in ontario ?
when did indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull come out ?
what is the population of belgium in 2018 ?
where is the institute of electrical and electronics engineers headquarters located ?
who plays mom in the tv show mom ?
cigars named for the island capital of cuba ?
who killed macbeth in william shakespeare's play ?
who had the most appearances on the tonight show ?
who was england manager in last world cup ?
who played pastor charles on american horror story ?
what season did chandler and monica get married ?
where is the source of the river yare ?
who is next in line if president dies ?
what is the last 4 digits of a zip code called ?
what is the political party system of the united states ?
where does the movie the choice take place ?
who plays the husband in santa clarita diet ?
who is the philippine president that proclaimed the month of august as the national language month ?
as a result of the seven years war how far west did british territory exist ?
who won the heisman trophy from penn state ?
how many nfl football teams have won back to back super bowls ?
who stars in the new lara croft movie ?
who was the coach when the lions went 0-16 ?
who built the temple of sun god at konark ?
what county is university of maryland college park in ?
rock and roll hall of fame rod stewart ?
what is the families last name on this is us ?
where did the saying kill them all let god sort them out ?
who is the actress who plays the mayor in blue bloods ?
who all is running for governor in ohio ?
when did olympia become the capital of washington ?
what is the name of the time zone for london ?
what is the percentage of jewish population in the world ?
who is the current minister of petroleum in nigeria ?
who plays the voice of lois on family guy ?
when did the la kings join the nhl ?
who is the oldest senator currently serving in congress ?
when was the bill of rights applied to states ?
when was the last time america declared war ?
who is jessica simpson's sister married to ?
who is the newly elected president of the european council (ec) ?
how many stone blocks in the great pyramid of giza ?
island in the south atlantic claimed by britain in 1815 ?
where does a tale of two cities take place ?
dynasty that gave birth to holy roman empire ?
who plays troy bolton in high school musical ?
who played jackson boudreaux on will and grace ?
when did carson city become the capital of nevada ?
how many presidents of the us have there been ?
who played adam sandler's son in grown ups ?
who was the singing voice of young simba ?
who plays molly's sister in mike and molly ?
what year were the harry potter books set in ?
when was the last time boston won the world series ?
what is the name for an individual for seeks religious and constitutional reforms in iran ?
the social class that struggled with plebeians for control of the roman empire ?
who won the first ever basketball gold medal ?
which british territories did the entente coridale cover ?
what's the name of the blues brothers ?
sydney is on the bank of which river ?
when does the next blade runner movie come out ?
who played mike franks daughter in law on ncis ?
where is india's largest hydroelectric project situated ?
who plays scott in one day at a time ?
what are the state colors of new jersey ?
who is the nobel peace prize named for ?
which actor won an academy award for his role as forrest gump ?
who wrote the music to romeo and juliet ?
where is the air force football team located ?
how many parts are there for twilight movie ?
when was the last time army went to a bowl game ?
president of the united states during the civil war ?
where did the minnesota north stars move to ?
what was the first national park in the us ?
what mountain range is in sun valley idaho ?
what is the currency of central african republic ?
where did the nuclear power plant explode in japan ?
what is the largest catholic high school in america ?
who wrote the song waiting for the world to change ?
at what age can you drive in dubai ?
where can you live with a french passport ?
who played doreen in birds of a feather ?
where was the masque of the red death published ?
when did hurricane maria path through puerto rico ?
who played belloq in raiders of the lost ark ?
who did shaq play for in his career ?
when did armenia gain independence from the ottoman empire ?
when was the last time there was a nba finals sweep ?
who sang the song born free in the movie ?
is the capital of minnesota located east or west of the mississippi river ?
who did the eagles play last time they were in the superbowl ?
where does the harry potter series take place ?
which is the largest mall in united arab emirates ?
where in the bible does abraham sacrifice his son ?
who plays david in once upon a time ?
how many countries negotiated the iran nuclear deal ?
what is the name of england's prime minister ?
when did the red sox yankees rivalry began ?
where was the movie quartet filmed in england ?
who played lex luthor in lois and clark ?
who has been elected as the new president of republic of armenia ?
what is the name of the nz women's cricket team ?
basque is a good example of a (an) ?
who plays maggie's mother on home and away ?
what kind of church is assembly of god ?
how did the big red one get its name ?
who was the original singer of i shot the sheriff ?
which is the largest ethnic group in north america ?
guest stars on sons of anarchy season 5 ?
extent of the roman empire at its height ?
what part of the us is kansas in ?
what's the capital of mexico in spanish ?
who won more national awards for best actor in india ?
where do the blue jays live in toronto ?
when did west ham last win at old trafford ?
who plays annie and hallie in parent trap ?
where did the saudi foreign minister go to school ?
who has been the wife and mother of a us president ?
when did china become permanent member of un security council ?
what is the seating capacity of mercedes-benz stadium ?
who played gordon cooper in the right stuff ?
who has been prime minister the most times ?
where does the eurostar leave from in uk ?
who played george's girlfriend susan on seinfeld ?
what is the main part of a city ?
how many championships did the minneapolis lakers win ?
who is the actor that plays the dad on this is us ?
if you are from dubai what are you called ?
who were the leaders of the soviet union during the cuban missile crisis ?
when was the last time the bucks won a playoff series ?
who painted the famous dutch golden age painting the night watch ?
where did the house of windsor come from ?
name the andean animal raised for its fine wool ?
who played the voice of jafar in aladdin ?
how many judges are present in supreme court ?
who does lisa's voice on the simpsons ?
who is the general education director of kerala ?
who won the nobel prize for peace in 2014 ?
when did the united kingdom became a country ?
who came to power after the iranian revolution ?
when was the first sanatorium for tuberculosis treatment opened ?
who plays wonder woman in the latest movie ?
when did drake put out his first album ?
when did deion sanders play for the cowboys ?
what is the most famous sport in mexico ?
what's the longest running cartoon network show ?
what is the name of russell crowe's band ?
who is the leader of the senate when the vp isn't there ?
who sings with john mayer on who you love ?
who is the minister of national security in jamaica ?
when did the maple leafs last win a stanley cup ?
how many counties in the state of arizona ?
what is the name of the secretary general of united nations ?
when did arsenal won the premier league at white hart lane ?
which country is the most significant exporter of brazil nuts ?
who is running for senate in virginia 2018 ?
where did tony die in west side story ?
who played boromir brother in lord of the rings ?
who starred in the movie the big lebowski ?
who is the actor who plays oliver queen ?
when was the university of the west indies established ?
who does marshall end up with in how i met your mother ?
on which status quo album did the song 'marguerita time' appear in ?
how many episodes of that 70s show are there ?
how many times did the buffalo bills win the super bowl ?
where is tokyo japan located on the world map ?
where was the movie digging to china filmed ?
when did the olympics become a world event ?
who has the second largest military in the world ?
where did the ancient greece olympics take place ?
when was the last time a detroit sports team won a championship ?
who served as both president and vice president ?
what does a red license plate mean in ontario ?
who is starring in a star is born ?
when did kiev become the capital of ukraine ?
what song did patrick sing in dirty dancing ?
is sacramento located in a valley or in a mountainous region ?
where does the savannah river begin and end ?
where was the movie deliverance supposed to have taken place ?
who determines the size of the supreme court ?
who prints currency notes and coins in india ?
where did the portuguese establish brazilian sugar plantations ?
when was the first film shown in a cinema ?
who was the lead actress in the shape of water ?
how much is usa in debt to china ?
who dies in grey's anatomy season 8 plane crash ?
where did luke cage get his powers from ?
who wrote the champion sung by carrie underwood ?
who was running in the election of 1800 ?
who played the fugitive in the tv series ?
how many american casualties in world war 2 ?
who is the presenter of america got talent ?
where did the idea of michael myers come from ?
what is the name of the chicago white sox baseball stadium ?
what are the 3 largest countries in europe ?
who played young george in it's a wonderful life ?
who was in charge of the roman catholic church ?
when did swedish become the official language of sweden ?
once upon a time season 7 hansel actor ?
who plays jane's mother in drop dead diva ?
when was the gettysburg national military park established ?
where was sex and the city filmed in new york ?
who delivers the state of the union address ?
who played neal on once upon a time ?
who is the secretary of state in washington dc ?
how many teams are in the mlb national league ?
who plays ds arnott in line of duty ?
the most commonly spoken language in the usa after english and spanish is ?
who are the candidates running for governor in the state of virginia ?
mountains along iran's border with iraq and the persian gulf ?
who plays sam witwicky in the movie transformers ?
what song did john lennon write for david bowie ?
who is the other wolverine in logan movie ?
who played mckenna in mckenna shoots for the stars ?
who did america fight during world war 1 ?
who led the colonial army at the battle of bennington ?
when did the blue jays win their last world series ?
who was the president that served 4 terms ?
who won the stanley cup finals this year ?
who played john brown in the blue and the gray ?
who is the oldest elected united states president ?
what airport is near west palm beach florida ?
who played will smith's mom in fresh prince ?
who won gold in women's olympic hockey ?
what is the name of the governor of new jersey ?
who is the head coach of the raiders ?
who got married in real life from friends ?
who played adam sandler's father in big daddy ?
when did the first wolverine movie come out ?
who was the prime minister of britain at the time india s independence ?
how many world cup appearances does germany have ?
who did booger mcfarland play for in the nfl ?
what did germany do to try to prevent goods from reaching great britain ?
how many local govts do we have in lagos state ?
which nba player has the most playoff points ?
where did river niger and river benue meet ?
who was leah married to in the bible ?
what is the name of the lake in the lake district ?
who played lucy in the big bang theory ?
what is it called when you believe in a higher power but not god ?
who played wonder woman's mother on the tv series ?
who was traded for kobe bryant in 1996 ?
who does vanessa end up with gossip girl ?
north korean military spending as percent of gdp ?
which political party has dominated japanese politics since the end of world war ii ?
who is the current attorney general of australia ?
what pink floyd album is wish you were here on ?
who played dorothy in the return to oz ?
who played adam sandler's sister in the wedding singer ?
who played the queen in star wars the phantom menace ?
who played galadriel in lord of the rings ?
who was the quarterback for miami dolphins in 1972 ?
where did nick from new girl go to college ?
who is the author of splendor in the grass ?
who is the us senator for new york ?
when did kobe bryant start in the nba ?
who became new zealand's head of state in 1952 ?
the real name of the hotel in the shining ?
who is the chief justice of the u.s. supreme court ?
who wrote i am a woman in love ?
who played jefferson in once upon a time ?
who is the actor that plays mayhem for allstate ?
who did the new orleans saints beat in the super bowl ?
when was the criminal code of canada created ?
where does the water come from in the panama canal ?
who was the commander of the allied forces in europe ?
who was the chairman of the opening and closing ceremonies at the 1960 winter olympics ?
when does season 5 of agents of sheild come out ?
when is the last time yankees won world series ?
chinese idea that expressed the right to govern ?
when is the movie second act coming out ?
who played cory's dad in boy meets world ?
where is shenandoah national park located in virginia ?
who plays harley quinn in the batman lego movie ?
who played the punisher in the first movie ?
when did messi make his debut for barcelona ?
who was the pilot that dropped the atomic bomb on hiroshima ?
where did the spanish armada set sail from ?
where does the golden retriever breed come from ?
places where crude oil is found in nigeria ?
when did the democratic and republican party start ?
name a movie or tv show with dinosaurs ?
who is opening for shawn mendes illuminate world tour ?
what name did walt disney originally have in mind for mickey mouse ?
who was the actor that played lurch on the addams family ?
where is the majority of russia’s population found ?
when did bombay became the capital of bombay presidency ?
where does the carbonation in beer come from ?
where is the mercedes benz plant in alabama ?
population of the north island of new zealand ?
what nation did japan turn into a colony ?
who are the house of representatives elected by ?
who is the guy from chrisley knows best ?
who sang the super mario bros super show theme song ?
where was the tv show big valley filmed ?
who founded the little sisters of the poor ?
what is the highest point in south dakota ?
who was the former un secretary general and later became the president of his country ?
what are the names of the blues brothers ?
where did the royals play before kauffman stadium ?
when was rob kardashian on dancing with the stars ?
who does claire end up with in outlander ?
who played in the super bowl this year ?
in javanese gamelan music typical elaborating instruments are ?
who played the witch in pirates of the caribbean ?
who was nominated for an academy award for acting in star wars ?
what was the mother tongue of the mughals ?
who did marshon lattimore play for in college ?
who plays young gideon in once upon a time ?
where does ohio state play their football games ?
when was the last time canada was at war ?
who plays peter's cousin in hemlock grove ?
which continent of today were part of gondwana land ?
who plays kim kelly on freaks and geeks ?
where does army play their home football games ?
what's the meaning of the name ashley ?
who wrote let you love me rita ora ?
who is the leader of the ms state senate ?
who is the coach of the new england patriots ?
which country is the owner of nokia company ?
who is the speaker of the house or representatives ?
where does the last name zacarias come from ?
who plays kelly in ash vs. evil dead ?
what language is the sri lankan national anthem ?
when was the last time houston rockets made the finals ?
who played taylor on bold and the beautiful ?
this asian country borders the caspian sea and persian gulf ?
who won the democratic nomination for president in 1968 quizlet ?
mahakal temple was located in the kingdom of which dynasty ?
victorian novelist who wrote the life of charlotte bronte ?
what is the capital of andaman and nicobar ?
where is the white house located in what state ?
when did the spurs win the nba finals ?
where does south africa rank in the world by food consumption ?
what is the name of michigan's mascot ?
which flag is canada's official royal flag ?
when was the mission santa clara de asis built ?
who played pedro in the movie napoleon dynamite ?
how many episodes in the defenders season 1 ?
who has won the last 3 nba championships ?
when was the national anthem of trinidad and tobago written ?
in what state was the yucca mountain repository being built ?
where does the grand union canal start and end ?
who is the chief legal advisor to the government ?
how old was aisha when prophet muhammad married her ?
who won the emirates fa cup last year ?
when did germany separate into east and west ?
which countries are part of the iran deal ?
how many songs were written by john lennon and paul mccartney ?
who did elizabeth taylor play in north and south ?
the cold war was a political conflict over what two government types ?
what county is port saint lucie florida in ?
greenland is the largest island in the world in which continent it is situated ?
who plays the hulk in the avengers age of ultron ?
the events of the iliad and the odyssey took place during which time period ?
where is most of the worlds coffee grown ?
what do you call a person from switzerland ?
who plays the voice of lana in archer ?
when did we bought a zoo come out ?
who is the actor that plays howard on big bang theory ?
who played papa elf in the movie elf ?
who sings in what's love got to do with it movie ?
what is the language spoken in north korea ?
what episode is zac efron in the suite life of zack and cody ?
angie's sister on the george lopez show ?
who played roseanne's father on the show ?
who is the actor that plays percy jackson ?
who did golden state play in the conference finals last year ?
who sings the song wish i knew you when i was young ?
who scripted gandhi's favourite song vaishnav jan to ?
where is the headquarters of the mcdonald's corporation located ?
who won the first game in the nba finals last year ?
where does nate go to college in gossip girl ?
when did turkey became part of european union ?
for which group did michael jackson perform as a child star ?
what is the uk time zone in utc ?
which president was the president of columbia university ?
who plays mark usher on house of cards ?
which of the following country has madrid as it's capital ?
who organized a march on washington to protest discrimination on july 1 1941 ?
when did the first commercial flight take place ?
who are the owners of the milwaukee bucks ?
president of the third republic in the philippines ?
who played shawn hunter on boy meets world ?
what is the relation between india and pakistan ?
who is the speaker of the house of representatives 2017 ?
the passage of the kansas-nebraska act led directly to the establishment of which political party ?
who is the publisher of the daily independent ?
who plays frank sinatra jr on family guy ?
where did the name elephant and castle come from ?
where was the first olympic hockey game held ?
where did the center of the enlightenment take place ?
who does selena gomez play in hotel transylvania 2 ?
who played michael jackson in the michael jackson movie ?
who played for man u man city liverpool and everton ?
where were the olympic games held in 1956 ?
what is the highest point in the pyrenees mountains in france ?
who sang the theme song beauty and the beast ?
which film did julia roberts win best actress oscar ?
what type of currency is used in moldova ?
what is the name of the phoenix airport ?
who played the dean wife in animal house ?
name of the playwright of romeo and juliet ?
what are the top 5 most populated states in america ?
population of minneapolis st paul and surrounding area ?
who won the football league championship in 1968 ?
where does the book of wisdom come from ?
who has the most championships in the wnba ?
where is the university of california irvine located ?
how many players on all star team nba ?
when did jennifer lawrence start her acting career ?
who does april kepner marry in grey's anatomy ?
nation that russia was once a part of ?
who plays james halliday in ready player one ?
which amendment separated the vote for president and vice president ?
who won the battle of new orleans during the civil war ?
who own the federal reserve bank in america ?
who plays cody in the suite life on deck ?
when was the texas rangers baseball team established ?
who is the actor who played mini me ?
who was the first governor of western australia ?
what is the name of the miami hurricanes mascot ?
who played meredith quill in guardians of the galaxy ?
where is clemson university located in south carolina ?
what type of government does bosnia and herzegovina have ?
who does lucas marry on one tree hill ?
when did michael jackson started his music career ?
who is the most recently appointed supreme court justice ?
which term refers to linking a currency value to the value of gold ?
who sang the theme song to scooby doo ?
which was the first tube station in london ?
who plays herbert the pervert on family guy ?
where is the washington post based out of ?
what is the only u.s. state to have a motto in italian ?
who is the actress in meet joe black ?
how many countries can i visit with british passport ?
which team has the most championships in the nfl ?
who started game 7 of the 1986 world series ?
what is the united states' total largest export (in u.s. dollars) to canada ?
who was the book of james written for ?
who played lead role in mohan joshi hazir ho movie ?
when did selena quintanilla record her first album ?
the famous frescoes of the carmera degli sposi were painted for the duke of mantua by ?
what is music that tells a story called ?
who has scored the most points in nba finals ?
who is the acting director of homeland security ?
who played peter in the 1992 film peter's friends ?
where was whatever happened to baby jane filmed ?
besides english what is the most commonly spoken language in australia ?
when was the first episode of jessie made ?
who plays robin's mom in how i met your mother ?
number of world series won by red sox ?
where is the cannes film festival being held this year ?
when did france first come to latin america ?
what is bb king's guitar's name ?
who does the voice of king julian in madagascar ?
who was the actress in breakfast at tiffany's ?
who sings the theme song for the outlander series ?
who is the actor that plays bilbo baggins ?
who wrote i dream of jeannie theme song ?
who are the democrats running for governor in tennessee ?
when did alabama became the state of the usa ?
who plays david on the purge tv show ?
what is the largest religious denomination in the united states ?
who does sanchez play for in the world cup ?
what nation lies on both africa and asia ?
when was a league of their own filmed ?
what is the new tallest building in san francisco ?
where was the 'azad hind fauj' founded ?
which is the most populated city in australia ?
when did animal kingdom open in disney world ?
who sang the song shes got the look ?
when was michael jackson off the wall released ?
where was the sound of music first performed ?
what year are the harry potter books set in ?
where did the denver broncos coach come from ?
who is the current pope of the world ?
who did sir thomas colville turn out to be ?
who won the man booker prize for fiction of 2017 ?
who is playing in stanley cup finals 2018 ?
who played mr. carlin on the bob newhart show ?
when did the new kingsmen movie come out ?
which city in germany was divided into two sides ?
who owns the daily mail and daily express ?
where does tempe town lake water come from ?
where was the first formula 1 race held ?
who played the title role in barry lindon ?
who played lord voldemort in harry potter movies ?
who starred in the tv series the saint ?
what does the name shauna mean in irish ?
who is running for the governor of virginia ?
who is the most successful team in nba history ?
who composed the music and who wrote the words to the opera cosi fan tutti ?
who is the owner of walt disney company ?
what type of christianity did the byzantine empire or byzantium create ?
who was picked over kevin durant in the draft ?
who kills the main character in happy death day ?
in the tv series dad's army what was captain mainwaring's first name ?
what two states are not part of the contiguous united states ?
what movie is the song all star from ?
who played the mom in the remake of the parent trap ?
tarak mehta ka ooltah chashmah daya real husband ?
what was the former name of the zimbabwe capital harare ?
name one indian tribe in the united states ?
name of actor who played festus on gunsmoke ?
who plays emma on once upon a time ?
which of the following was an influence of medieval islam on the west ?
give an example of a musical work of prokofiev ?
how much cash is in circulation in canada ?
when was the last time the panthers was in the super bowl ?
the primary ethnic factional groups fighting each other in iraq after the invasion were ?
how many episodes in season 5 of mindy project ?
in what war did america lose the most soldiers ?
who sings the theme song for the tv show in the heat of the night ?
what's the name of the new york yankees stadium ?
where does that's so raven take place ?
who wrote the first opera what was it called ?
how many states are there in south africa ?
what is the most populous state in mexico ?
where was the movie the thorn birds filmed ?
who plays the angel in angels in america ?
who played frankenstein's wife in hotel transylvania ?
who did charlotte hornets trade kobe bryant for ?
who played guitar on speak of the devil ?
what part of the world is america in ?
what airlines fly out of rapid city sd ?
where was the movie just go with it filmed ?
areas of the world where judaism is strong ?
into what body of water does the mississippi river system empty ?
who did john schneider play in dukes of hazzard ?
who played brenda in tupac's brenda's got a baby video ?
where does beast of a nation take place ?
united arab emirates is a country situated in which continent ?
when did the ravens last won a superbowl ?
where were the olympic games held in greece ?
who has won the popular vote but lost the election ?
what was the bombs dropped on hiroshima and nagasaki ?
what is the primary basis for the economy of saudi arabia ?
who is the present prime minister of australia ?
what two states donated land for the nations capital the district of columbia ?
who played eddie in the courtship of eddie's father ?
a situation in which one person's emotions influence another person's emotions is known as ?
when was the san diego convention center built ?
what are the chief commercial tree crops of liberia ?
croatian port known as the pearl of the adriatic ?
who played chewbacca in the original star wars ?
who played the girl in bridge to terabithia ?
number of political appointments available to the president ?
where did paul in the bible come from ?
where do the tigris and euphrates rivers end ?
who plays carlos in welcome to night vale ?
when did the houston astros win the world series ?
who owns the boston red sox baseball team ?
how many episodes are there in last man on earth season 4 ?
who sings the original sweet dreams are made of these ?
what were the years of us involvement in the vietnam war ?
who played cedric diggory in harry potter movies ?
who did the voice of miley cyrus on family guy ?
who does robert downey jr play in family guy ?
what is the genre of the book black beauty ?
who did the music for wonder woman movie ?
on which ideology was the soviet political system based ?
what county is the bronx in new york ?
when did the philadelphia eagles last win the super bowl ?
where does the water in aquafina come from ?
who played mary brody on ncis new orleans ?
who shot henry in the time traveler's wife ?
who won the battle of fredericksburg and chancellorsville ?
how many african american politicians served in the us congress during reconstruction ?
where was the first capital of the united states located ?
who was the oldest person to graduate college ?
who made christianity official religion of roman empire ?
when did the queen have her first child ?
who played bud on the bill cosby show ?
where does the colorado river empty into the gulf ?
who were we fighting against in the vietnam war ?
when did the movie megan leavey come out ?
what are the first names of harry potter's two best friends ?
who plays ellen in what's eating gilbert grape ?
who has more power in israeli prime minister or president ?
who is the original artist of proud mary ?
when do we vote for governor in minnesota ?
when did audi come to the united states ?
when did the wonder woman movie come out ?
where did pop art get its inspiration from ?
where is de beers located in south africa ?
who sings change the world with eric clapton ?
where do the edmonton oilers play home games ?
who wrote i love the lord by whitney houston ?
when was the last time florida was hit by a hurricane ?
who wrote the song she's got you ?
who led the upper canada rebellion of 1837 ?
who controlled the senate and house in 2008 ?
when does the wall street journal come out ?
what does aron hakodesh refer to in english ?
when did the soviet union declared war on japan and invade manchuria ?
why did dr carter need a kidney transplant ?
when was the last time the chicago cubs won the world series ?
what form of government does the united states use ?
when did the queen became queen of england ?
what is the full name of the vice president of nigeria ?
when did the new york knicks became a team ?
who was the actor that played luca brasi in the godfather ?
who plays howard hamlin on better call saul ?
who got rookie of the year in basketball ?
who founded the first early childhood education program ?
what type of volcano is the stromboli volcano ?
who sings the great gig in the sky by pink floyd ?
how many episodes in game of theones season 1 ?
when did the st louis cardinals win their first world series ?
what part of the us is new york in ?
how do you say great britain in french ?
who composed the music for beauty and the beast ?
who is the ruler of great britain today ?
who played george in the madness of king george ?
when did the original grinch movie come out ?
who wrote the book they came before columbus ?
what is the currency of papua new guinea ?
who is the current lieutenant governor of washington ?
who played richard on sex and the city ?
who wrote the score for the lavender hill mob ?
who played william harris on law and order svu ?
what type of company is select portfolio servicing ?
who played roo stewart mother in home and away ?
what does the green in nigeria flag stand for ?
zend avesta is the holy book of which religion ?
who elects head of state government in great britain ?
when does every day come out in the uk ?
how many seasons did michael jordan play in the nba ?
what is brandon's last name in dork diaries ?
how many arms of government are there in nigeria ?
in which mountain range is the matterhorn located ?
who plays eric on once upon a time ?
when did the ottoman empire take over jerusalem ?
who started the fall of the berlin wall ?
when was the last time iran went to world cup ?
david baldacci king & maxwell books in order ?
who was the supposed divine father of theseus ?
who accepted the surrender of japan in 1945 ?
what is the name of imo state airport ?
who is officially elected through the electoral college ?
who is the actress who plays sybil in downton abbey ?
where did the church of god come from ?
who played huggy bear on starsky and hutch ?
what is the largest state in new england ?
who plays jason in the new power rangers movie ?
who represents the us in the supreme court ?
where was the battle of mine creek fought ?
when did mamma mia the movie come out ?
who was the song see you again made for ?
who was the first black nfl starting quarterback ?
in which province do the majority of the tsonga culture stay ?
what was the first series to air on disney channel ?
who played the wedding planner in father of the bride ?
who was known as the mad king of france ?
who plays bernie madoff in the wizard of lies ?
state funding of elections takes place in which country ?
where was the movie days of heaven filmed ?
who plays david hanley on burden of truth ?
when did japan go to war with russia ?
gmt is named after a place in which country ?
michael jackson the experience xbox 360 song list ?
when was a star is born with barbara streisand made ?
who owns the los angeles rams football team ?
who is the writer of this is us ?
when did the afghanistan war start and end ?
is the grand canyon in north or south america ?
when did missouri become an open carry state ?
how did derek die on grey's anatomy 2015 ?
who is the killer in the whole truth ?
when did brad johnson play for the vikings ?
who won the civil war yankees or confederates ?
where was the world cup in 2010 held ?
who was the first us president who was not a military veteran ?
who plays rick's wife in walking dead ?
who discovered the magnetic effect of electric current ?
when did the washington senators become the minnesota twins ?
what is the name of the diamond shaped building in chicago ?
who plays wesker in resident evil final chapter ?
who stars in the movie the best of me ?
who played captain pike in the original star trek ?
when did the carolina panthers become a team ?
what is the name of the dog in scooby-doo ?
who has won the most oscars for costume design ?
what language do they speak on st lucia ?
what is most of the land in argentina used for ?
where does alaska the last frontier take place ?
when did ecuador change to the us dollar ?
who did sweeney todd meet on the ship back to london ?
where is el salvador located in the world ?
who is credited with being the originator of the computer ?
how much money does the walmart family have ?
who is the new elected president of mexico ?
where does the columbia river meet the pacific ocean ?
when did mount saint helens blow its top ?
who is an a in pretty little liars ?
how many episodes got season 7 of game of thrones ?
actress who plays regina on once upon a time ?
writer of the textbook fantastic beasts and where to find them ?
who was the creator of keystone film corp and specialized in slapstick comedy films ?
when did the british monarchy become a constitutional monarchy ?
where do we see the coat of arms ?
what does the gifts of the holy spirit mean ?
who is running for us senate from ohio ?
who wrote the book the count of monte cristo from 1844 ?
when did the first batman movie come out ?
where is the natural bridge located in virginia ?
who made i'll be seeing you famous ?
who became king after the english civil war ?
who wrote the dark night of the soul ?
who plays zoya in the movie 'jannat' ?
actor who plays julian in one tree hill ?
who plays herbert the pervert in family guy ?
when did french become an official language of canada ?
who wrote the theme song for the wonder years ?
who starred in the first make of a star is born ?
what kind of economy does the india have ?
who wrote someone that i used to know ?
who established the close connection between electricity and magnetism ?
who was the first president identified as a democrat ?
what conference is ohio state in for football ?
what country decided to support america because of the victory at saratoga ?
who played in last year's super bowl and who won ?
where did they film to the manor born ?
which european capital is served by the port of piraeus ?
which movie won the 89 oscar award in 2017 for best movie category ?
who represented the constitutional union party in the election of 1860 ?
what movie is the song sister christian in ?
who played dr. smith in the original lost in space ?
players to go from high school to nba ?
who played the parents in the parent trap ?
who is ras al ghul in batman begins ?
who played the priest in ryan's daughter ?
when does tony romo a football life air ?
who won the emmy for outstanding lead actor in a drama series ?
what is the alcohol content of red stripe beer ?
what is the population of baldwin county alabama ?
mountain range on the south island of new zealand ?
mere rashke qamar song is from which movie ?
where did the wizard of oz take place ?
who played monica's prom date on friends ?
name a city that has hosted winter olympics ?
how many stanzas are there in pakistan national anthem ?
who is the oldest player in the nba now ?
who does dwyane wade play for in the nba ?
who won the oscar for best animated movie ?
who was prime minister of australia in 1969 ?
what does red license plate mean in ontario ?
who was the college of william and mary named after ?
who advises the pope in the church hierarchy ?
the cast of the big valley tv show ?
who wrote the book upon which the last picture show was based ?
what character did kristen bell play in frozen ?
what type of breed is an american bulldog ?
what are canada's four major primary industries ?
who started the 3 on 3 basketball league ?
where does the winner of america's got talent perform ?
where is the little league world series being held at ?
who won the battle of gettysburg the north or the south ?
who did the united states support when vietnam first split into north and south vietnam ?
in the united states the president is the head of which branch of government ?
who has more ncaa basketball championships between duke and unc ?
who did seattle seahawks play in the super bowl ?
which state did great britain take control of from spain at the end of the french and indian war ?
who played the voice of young simba in the lion king ?
what is the percentage of canadian players in nhl ?
what is the current population of fresno ca ?
who is the biggest selling author of all time ?
what position did deion sanders play in baseball ?
when was the first hockey world cup held ?
who determined the outcome of the election or 1800 ?
what is the capital of nicaragua in spanish ?
how many nba championships did the lakers win ?
what is the relationship between south africa and china ?
where does islam rank in size on the list of the world’s religions ?
what is the top selling beer in ireland ?
who designed the church of the holy cross in southwest germany ?
what is the title of a kings wife ?
in which year was the first world environmental day celebrated ?
who plays doctor resnick on the good doctor ?
who is jill on the tv show mom ?
who played finnick odair in the hunger games ?
where did they film the state channel 4 ?
what is the original name of south africa ?
who is the actress who plays rita on ncis new orleans ?
who ruled the area of palestine right before israel gained its independence ?
what's the zip code for sioux falls south dakota ?
who does voice of meg on family guy ?
how many miles from austin tx to houston tx ?
what are the names of the hunger games series ?
who played michael in all in the family ?
what episode does will smith's dad come ?
where is satpura range located in india map ?
when was the kingdom of saudi arabia established ?
scott joplin is best known as a composer of what kind of music ?
who wrote brown eyes by destiny's child ?
who played zira on planet of the apes ?
which amendment to the constitution contains the equal protection clause ?
where does the desplaines river start and end ?
when did chelsea win the cup winners cup ?
where is herbert hoover high school in wv ?
who is the original singer of take another piece of my heart ?
who plays yondu guardians of the galaxy 2 ?
what is the population of edo state nigeria ?
child actor who plays joe on modern family ?
who became the leader of the chinese communist party during the chinese long march ?
who is the top scorer in spanish league this season ?
where does the president live in the white house ?
where does the movie the river wild take place ?
where was the film under the tuscan sun filmed ?
what is the name of the stadium where the carolina panthers play ?
what countries had sphere of influence in china ?
who was the one that got away written about ?
who is the presenter of america's got talent ?
who got the mvp of super bowl 52 ?
when did the civil war in russia start ?
who wrote how do you mend a broken heart ?
when was the last time mexico won the little league world series ?
who was married to chris tate in emmerdale ?
what is the name of rio de janeiro's famous landmark ?
who are the first prime minister of india ?
who was morgan freeman in the lego movie ?
who played the patriots in the last super bowl ?
who was the lead singer of ram jam ?
how many lebanese are there in the world ?
who was the prime minister of pakistan during kargil war ?
what is the name of the speaker of parliament ?
the supreme court first claimed the power of judicial review in ?
when did miami heat win their first ring ?
when did the florida marlins become miami marlins ?
who was chosen to guide the constitutional convention ?
who played quarterback for the patriots last night ?
who plays mr wickham in pride and prejudice ?
where was titanic going to and coming from ?
who was the movie paid in full about ?
who was the federalist candidate for president in the election of 1796 ?
who won colorado in the 2016 presidential election ?
what is the ocean between tasmania and victoria called ?
who played jackie kennedy in the film jackie ?
where does the captain of a ship work ?
who played theoden in lord of the rings ?
who played the possessed girl in scary movie 2 ?
who is regarded as the inventor of the air conditioner ?
who played jack black's girlfriend in mars attacks ?
what's in the middle of the colosseum ?
who played john reese in person of interest ?
who did missouri fight for in the civil war ?
where do the incredibles live in the movie ?
where is love and hip hop new york filmed ?
which actor plays the night king in game of thrones ?
when did public schools start in the united states ?
when was the first john wick movie made ?
who turns out to be the mother in how i met your mother ?
who plays sonny's father on general hospital ?
in which presidential campaign did the populists first appear quizlet ?
who is the guy getting married in i write sins not tragedies ?
who developed the first model of the mouse ?
how many teams participate in world cup qualifiers ?
who was the head coach before steve kerr ?
where do the aboriginal tribes live in australia ?
who built the temples at aihole badami and pattadakal ?
when did south korea have the summer olympics ?
what is the population of venice italy 2018 ?
where was the movie the english patient filmed ?
who played brad carlton on young and the restless ?
what country was the original builder of the panama canal ?
who is the author of the book the kingdom of god is within you ?
what's the population of san antonio texas ?
who played janet wood on three's company ?
who played johnny cash's dad in walk the line ?
what's the zip code for saugus mass ?
where is trader joe's based out of ?
who plays the daughter in the movie taken ?
who does justin timberlake play in shrek 2 ?
what state is flag day a national holiday ?
who created the mouse that is used with computers today ?
who is the actor who plays lip on shameless ?
where does the last name haro originate from ?
when was last time seattle seahawks won superbowl ?
what is the source of two china's great rivers ?
what nba team has won the most nba finals ?
how many us troops died in the vietnam war ?
what is the final episode of that 70's show ?
when is a new spiderman movie coming out ?
when did first harry potter book come out ?
name something you might find in ancient egypt ?
how many stokvels are there in south africa ?
what is the name of the ottawa baseball team ?
who has been nominated the most times for best actor ?
who created the magnetic stripe on credit cards ?
who proclaimed brazil's independence from portuguese control ?
when did the queen became the queen of the uk ?
when did shawn johnson win dancing with the stars ?
how many floors are there in trump tower ?
who owns the big four banks in australia ?
what general won a huge victory at vicksburg ?
is south africa a continent or a country ?
who is heir to the throne of britain ?
when did the bengals make it to the superbowl ?
who founded north carolina a t state university ?
who is the first prime minister of singapore ?
who did the patriots play last year for super bowl ?
who are the pyramids of giza made for ?
what work written by calvin became the textbook for reformed theology ?
what year did the movie deuces come out ?
who is the composer of eine kleine nachtmusik ?
who is the actress that played kimmy gibbler on full house ?
where are kia's made in the us ?
when did love song by rihanna come out ?
when did the first harry potter film come out ?
who plays luke in the lightning thief musical ?
who plays the title character in the john wick franchise ?
who plays dorothy in the return to oz ?
who does the voice on the arby's commercial ?
who was elected president of the united states in 1860 ?
how did government in rome develop who was the final tyrant or monarch of rome ?
who dies in my sister's keeper movie ?
who got nishan e haider in pakistan in urdu ?
who stars in the film finding your feet ?
what is the meaning of hassan in english ?
what city is garden of the gods in illinois ?
when was the declaration of independence adopted by the continental congress ?
where is san angelo texas on the map ?
who owned israel before it became a country ?
who played edward murrow in goodnight and goodluck ?
who played the sheriff in dukes of hazzard ?
what was the religion in india before hinduism ?
who plays the daughter in the 40 year old virgin ?
is uc berkeley a private or public school ?
which iconic character is featured in movies such as the enforcer sudden impact and the dead pool ?
actor who plays justin in home and away ?
b.b. king is noted for what type of music ?
who produces the most oil in the middle east ?
what is the elevation of lake city colorado ?
who is the vice president in olympus has fallen ?
according to legend who created the chinese zodiac ?
how many episodes of famous in love season 1 ?
who is commander in chief of us military forces ?
who starred in the main role of the football movie the waterboy ?
what are the next pixar movies coming out ?
who plays in the show the good doctor ?
what was the sequel to gone with the wind ?
who played anne neville in the white queen ?
what is the new name for czech republic ?
the settlement of the israelites in canaan is the theme of which book ?
who plays laurie in season 6 of that 70s show ?
the taliban emerged at least in part out of which of the following ?
who was the first woman to became the prime minister of a country ?
who sang the opening theme song for wkrp in cincinnati ?
when did the astros make it to the world series ?
total number of deaths in the civil war ?
what was the confederate capital in the civil war ?
who plays kathryn kennish in switched at birth ?
what is the longest river in britain called ?
who are the hosts on fox and friends this morning ?
what pick was peyton manning in the draft ?
who is the general manager of the new york yankees ?
where does the last name walker originate from ?
where do most of new zealand refugees come from ?
when was the department of homeland security established ?
which country established colonies in present day canada ?
how many seats are in parliament of ghana ?
philadelphia building where the declaration of independence was signed ?
who wrote the song en mi viejo san juan ?
who does daniel gillies play in spider man 2 ?
who was the first nba player drafted out of high school ?
what amusement park is in charlotte north carolina ?
when were the republican and democratic parties formed ?
what was the part of czechoslovakia where most german speakers lived called ?
bosnia croatia and serbia were once part of ?
who plays gwen stacy in into the spiderverse ?
when did the first got book come out ?
who are the hosts on the real talk show ?
who is the creator of what's app ?
who were the child actors in the cowboys ?
who wrote the song footprints in the sand ?
who played catwoman in the original batman tv show ?
whens the last time a canadian team won the stanley cup ?
mexico is divided into 1 federal district and how many states brainly ?
in the raven what is the name of the narrator's lost love ?
the most holy name of mary feast day ?
who does jeff dunham play in the nut job 2 ?
who's the coach of university of central florida ?
who is the captain of the cornelia marie ?
where is the headquater of the united nations situated ?
who was the king of judah when jerusalem fell ?
when was the movie saturday night fever released ?
how many cities and towns are in tennessee ?
how many electoral votes does the state of washington have ?
what kind of habitat is the antarctic peninsula ?
when did justin bieber started his music career ?
where was the movie boy filmed in new zealand ?
what movie has the song apache in it ?
when did murdoch buy the wall street journal ?
what season and episode does derek die in greys anatomy ?
what do the symbols on the indian flag represent ?
who was the longest living president of the united states ?
who served as president of the confederate states of america ?
who is the most winning nfl coach of all time ?
who is the coach of arizona state men's basketball ?
where was the film the crooked house filmed ?
who is the commander in chief of the indian armed forces ?
where was the movie bite the bullet filmed ?
how many games did barcelona play last season ?
how many poems of coleridge were included in lyrical ballads ?
when was the first scooby doo show aired ?
where does the columbia river meet the snake river ?
who was the oldest player ever in the nfl ?
which is the highest selling newspaper in india ?
who played lex luthor in the original superman movie ?
when does it get warm in los angeles ?
which mountain range lies to the east of north america ?
when did the philadelphia eagles became a team ?
when did michael jordan win first nba championship ?
countries where german is the only official language ?
who was the first woman to be nominated for president ?
who played jennifer in back to the future 2 ?
who casts the spell in beauty and the beast ?
where will the summer games be held in 2012 ?
where did they film life as a house ?
how many episodes in the haves and the have nots season 1 ?
who is sean from the bachelor married to ?
what type of desert is the gobi desert ?
what part of the turkey does turkey ham come from ?
when did the biltmore house open to the public ?
what dialect of arabic is spoken in sudan ?
who does emma end up with in once upon a time ?
is hong kong a country or a city ?
which soviet leader was known as a reformer ?
number of countries in the world united nations ?
which actress contributed to developing the voice of e.t. the extra-terrestria ?
what state did lexington and concord take place ?
where is king solomon mentioned in the bible ?
who played daniel boone son on tv series ?
who beat roger federer in the us open ?
what is st jordan the patron saint of ?
what city is the green bay packers in ?
when was the last time the boston red sox won the world series ?
who did the miami dolphins beat in 1972 super bowl ?
how many letters are in the danish alphabet ?
how many teams are there in indian super league ?
who has been on the throne the longest in england ?
what type of government does great britain have now ?
what cities does southwest fly to in colorado ?
what film is the song defying gravity from ?
who played lois lane in superman vs batman ?
what does the name jason mean in greek ?
who won last year's nfl super bowl ?
when was the first movie made a star is born ?
what sea does the nile river flow into ?
when was the national anthem of america written ?
who plays ray palmer in dc legends of tomorrow ?
when will the next summer olympics be held ?
who did the voice of andy in toy story ?
which attribute of god refers to his all-knowing nature ?
who plays brian on fate of the furious ?
who's the owner of the houston rockets ?
who wrote playing with the queen of hearts ?
where do the alaska the last frontier live ?
who has tom brady played in the super bowl ?
what are the two largest countries in north america ?
katy perry by the grace of god meaning ?
who plays kyle parks on the client list ?
when did the ottoman empire conquer the balkans ?
where was songs in the key of life recorded ?
which hindu god was known as the preserver ?
what kind of economic system does france have ?
when did the last survivor of the crimean war die ?
when did jackie robinson get rookie of the year ?
who wrote the screenplay for the dark tower ?
when was stephen curry drafted to the nba ?
who tells harry about the chamber of secrets ?
who won the cheltenham gold cup the most times ?
where did the anglo saxons originally come from ?
name for british soldiers during the revolutionary war ?
where did they film the wonder woman movie ?
who are the producers of this is us ?
who played the predator in the movie the predator ?
who is candle in the wind song about ?
when did villanova win the national basketball championship ?
what is the population of wellington new zealand ?
who sang does he love you with reba mcintire ?
how many episodes of american dad are there ?
who plays the boyfriend in the bee movie ?
what was the first movie thanos was in ?
when does the school year start in sweden ?
who were the greek philosophers who contributed the basic information about atoms ?
what year was the patriots first super bowl win ?
who plays elena's mom on vampire diaries ?
who is the actor that play the good doctor ?
who fought in the battle of vimy ridge ?
who was islands in the stream written for ?
what is the population of rochester new york ?
what is the name of alcinous's wife the queen of phaecia in the odyssey ?
who's running for governor in state of florida ?
what was the first book that charles dickens published ?
who wrote the song make the world go away ?
who is the quarter back for the broncos ?
who has played on the most nhl teams ?
how many pages is the book it by stephen king ?
who sings in the middle of a memory ?
where does the vice president of united states live ?
what are the two symbols on the patriots field ?
what religious groups lived in the new england colonies ?
actor who played barney stinson in tvs how i met your mother ?
when did it comes out at night come out ?
who wrote a journey to the center of the earth ?
who is the oldest quarterback playing in the nfl today ?
who made call of duty world at war ?
how many movies are there in the pirates of the carribean series ?
who played barry allens dad in justice league ?
which spanish-speaking country is located in southwestern europe ?
who played marlon brando's wife in the godfather ?
how many apps are on the google play store ?
where does the last name pollock come from ?
what is the meaning of naomi in hebrew ?
who wrote the song here comes the night ?
which president was noted for the dishonesty and corruption of his administration ?
what year did the movie glory come out ?
what state is in the center of the united states ?
what station is the dave ramsey show on ?
who played tom in to kill a mockingbird ?
who played pugsley in the addams family tv show ?
what's the order of the annabelle movies ?
who was the oldest us president in office ?
where was the movie the rare breed filmed ?
who is the managing director of hdfc bank ?
beauty and the beast who plays the dad ?
where is the cloud gate in chicago located ?
who was the first president of the republic of south africa ?
what part of california is santa rosa in ?
what songs did chris stapleton write for other artists ?
what is the name of the currency used in the european union ?
who is the protagonist in call of the wild ?
what is the language in the czech republic ?
which method of measuring time using time zones ?
where are you from if you are persian ?
which two countries have the lowest population density in latin america ?
is slang that is specific to a particular group ?
who played danny in where the heart is ?
which marvel film was directed by taika waititi ?
where was the truman show filmed in florida ?
where is the art institute of chicago located ?
when was the department of the state founded ?
who plays the bad guy in john wick ?
who plays nikki in one day at a time ?
how many internet users are there in pakistan ?
who played joanna in the movie love actually ?
in friends who is the father of rachel's baby ?
leader of the government in the senate canada ?
who's music is the bat out of hell based on ?
who was the actor that played the godfather ?
what type of dog is bosco from marmaduke ?
who made the lord of the rings soundtrack ?
what is the weather like in oregon in the winter ?
what are two states that border the pacific ocean ?
what type of degree is an associate degree ?
where was the movie breakfast at tiffany's filmed ?
where was the movie johnny be good filmed ?
when was the american war of independence fought ?
which team has the most super bowls wins ?
who played luke on the dukes of hazzard ?
which arrondissement is the latin quarter in paris ?
who do the eagles play in the nfc championship game ?
minister for housing planning and local government ireland ?
who is the governor of adamawa state now ?
what are the qualifications for being a us supreme court justice ?
who wrote rip van winkle and sleepy hollow ?
who plays the role of julian on instinct ?
what song did ed sheeran wrote for justin bieber ?
who played the guitar solo on beat it ?
a political system that is ruled by a few is called ?
who discovered the basic laws of planetary orbits ?
who is the surgeon general of the united states now ?
what year did the game guess who come out ?
who was tupac a back up dancer for ?
where is the show once upon a time filmed ?
what state was the battle of fredericksburg fought in ?
who is the presiding officer of the rajya sabha in india ?
who played julia roberts daughter in mother's day ?
where did the san francisco giants come from ?
who was the first african american elected to the united states senate ?
what do the colours of the nigerian flag represent ?
who ran as an independent presidential candidate in 1992 ?
who was the first president to be assasinated ?
actor who plays belle's father in beauty and the beast ?
who is the actor who plays the bfg ?
where is denali national park located in alaska ?
where is the hottest place in new zealand ?
when was the equal rights amendment first proposed ?
who was president of the usa in 1992 ?
who was the oldest serving president of the united states ?
who plays aladdin in once upon a time ?
what language do they speak in kabul afghanistan ?
what type of party system does mexico have ?
where does university of miami play football games ?
who wrote the song a change is gonna come ?
what does the ea sports logo stand for ?
who wrote the song man in the box ?
which leader in 1943 wanted to open a second front in europe during the war against germany ?
how many different time zones does australia have ?
china shares its border with how many countries ?
where did a river runs through it take place ?
who did the original voice of meg griffin ?
what geographic feature covers most of the arabian peninsula ?
when is the last time the mets won a world series ?
who is the head of the state of china ?
what mental disorder does sybil's mother have ?
in which kingdom is the story of bahubali series of film is mainly set ?
how long did the tsunami in japan 2011 last ?
who played opie on the sons of anarchy ?
who was rebecca in the bible married to ?
where does the last name oliver originate from ?
who played albus dumbledore in harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban ?
who played jeffrey dahmer in american horror story ?
who was the famous playwright and poet from england during the renaissance ?
voices that seth macfarlane does on family guy ?
when did the san francisco giants win their first world series ?
who wrote the book lion the witch and the wardrobe ?
who convinced france to aid the continental army during the revolutionary war ?
who is the original singer of the song fooled around and fell in love ?
who played coach on the tv show coach ?
what is the main religion in great britain ?
who plays kelly in saved by the bell ?
who won the 2016 costa book of the year ?
what kind of government is practiced by malaysia ?
what type of earthquake caused the tsunami in japan ?
who won the world series in the 1930s ?
who played rita in rita sue and bob too ?
what is the system of government in indonesia ?
how many languages are in the united states of america ?
which country shares longest land border with india ?
grace and frankie season 3 number of episodes ?
who plays abe lincoln in the movie lincoln ?
what is the name of capital of andhra pradesh ?
which team has won the most nba titles ?
who's playing in the college football playoff ?
in which season do chandler and monica get married ?
when did wellington become the capital of new zealand ?
who plays sarah on dc legends of tomorrow ?
who did billy idol play in the doors movie ?
when did the first 7 11 store open ?
where did will smith go to college in fresh prince ?
when does the movie the last jedi come out ?
who played the dad on the donna reed show ?
who played that girl in the tv series ?
when is the primary election for florida governor ?
what year was germany split into east and west ?
when does once upon a time in venice come out ?
who was the last person to get drafted out of high school ?
who was involved in the gulf war 1991 ?
who won last year's world series baseball ?
the only child of a president to be born in the whitehouse ?
who is the quarterback for tampa bay buccaneers ?
when did eric christian olsen join ncis la ?
who was the senate president in the second republic ?
when did henry became head of the church ?
who does sarah chalke voice in rick and morty ?
where does the movie great outdoors take place ?
who is the son of deucalion and pyrrha ?
what is the meaning of name iram in urdu ?
who was the photographer that was the leader and catalyst for photography as an art form ?
who starred with barbra streisand in a star is born ?
who is the author of the cursed child ?
who played the mother in the big sick ?
who played the leprechaun in leprechaun in the hood ?
who plays frollo in the hunchback of notre dame ?
who is the president of yemen right now ?
who won new york in the revolutionary war ?
who plays denise on the big bang theory ?
who is the founder of 5 hour energy ?
who plays caesar in the planet of the ape movies ?
who is the american who plays for collingwood ?
who plays clark in school of rock nickelodeon ?
which indian sportsperson wife will represent in basketball ?
who plays sophie's boyfriend in mamma mia ?
who played the incredible hulk in the movies ?
who sings the hawaiian version of somewhere over the rainbow ?
who played adam newman on the young and restless ?
where does the ohio river start and finish ?
which type of government did the french established in 1795 ?
when did the red sox last win the world series ?
when was the first tom and jerry cartoon released ?
who plays alan dershowitz in american crime story ?
the name for a standard subject in christian art ?
who stars in the movie the other woman ?
who played swifty in the movie six pack ?
who is rated the best goalkeeper in the world ?
northwestern school of education and social policy ranking ?
who is the actor that plays wonder woman ?
which actor won the oscar for best actor in 2009 ?
who did kobe bryant score 81 points on ?
when does chapter 79 of jane the virgin come out ?
the conquered city of constantinople became the capital of which empire ?
where do the texas stars hockey team play ?
how many countries will qualify for world cup from south america ?
what is the work of executive arm of government ?
what is the name of the catfish movie ?
what type of spanish is spoken in argentina ?
how many minutes is the new stephen king movie it ?
who plays the human beast in beauty and the beast ?
when was the last time the bulls were in the finals ?
who did the voice of meg on family guy ?
where is ngurah rai international airport in bali ?
what is the biggest automobile company in the world ?
where did they film house on haunted hill ?
when did british columbia became part of canada ?
who was the first person to climb mount fuji ?
what was the song of the year at the grammys ?
who plays russell crowe's wife in gladiator ?
where do you put ashes in a cemetery ?
who plays the cop in once upon a time ?
who led the confederate force that captured fort fillmore ?
who wrote coming back to life pink floyd ?
who won the election for mayor in atlantic city ?
who plays billy in the young and the restless ?
when was the last time tampa was hit with a hurricane ?
who played herman munster on the tv show the munsters ?
what is the most popular religion in uk ?
who established the natural laws of the universe ?
who played hercule poirot in the new movie ?
who are the two senators from the state of washington ?
where did they film the lawrence welk show ?
who is the secretary of department of interior and local government ?
who founded the first english institution of higher learning in india ?
who becomes the president if the president dies ?
who did the golden state warriors play in the playoffs last year ?
when did once upon a time in venice come out ?
who did the seahawks play in the super bowl ?
what song was number 1 on may 4th 2008 ?
who published the newspaper kesari during the independence movement ?
who is the producer of this is us ?
what was the capital of georgia before atlanta ?
what state is st paul the capitol of ?
distribution of power between centre and state in indian constitution is based on which scheme ?
who played darth vader in the original star wars movies ?
who does chandler end up with in friends ?
who sings with adam levine on what lovers do ?
who wrote the music for zorba the greek ?
when did houston go to the world series last ?
which countries remained under soviet control after world war two ?
what country did america fight in world war 1 ?
who is the actress who plays flo in progressive commercials ?
who was the first person who invented the light bulb ?
what is the biblical meaning of the name israel ?
who plays meg's voice on family guy ?
what are the oldest baseball stadiums in the united states ?
where does the last name morgan come from ?
who were the australian and american forces allied with during the vietnam war ?
who does the voice of the genie in aladdin 2 ?
when was the last time the la dodgers won the world series ?
who did the warriors play in the finals last year ?
who was involved in the council of nicaea ?
who is the current leader of south africa ?
name of the dog in call of the wild ?
who killed the burn victim in grey's anatomy ?
when was the last time dodgers win the world series ?
in which kingdom is the story of the 'bahubali' series of film mainly set ?
where is the wizard of oz theme park in north carolina ?
who wrote saare jahan se achchca hindustan hamara ?
who is the fast and furious actor that died ?
what is the meaning of the name renato ?
who combined the idea of elements with earlier theories of the atom ?
who is the most awarded singer of all time ?
what is the abbreviation for the state of missouri ?
who did martin bayfield play in harry potter films ?
who got married in think like a man 2 ?
what is the name of spain's most famous soccer team ?
when was the last time lions won a playoff game ?
who won the presidential election by one vote ?
when did the iconic trump tower open its doors ?
who's playing this year in the world series ?
who administer the oath of office to the president ?
who played monica's boyfriend richard in friends ?
who was the founder of fort william college and when it was established ?
who did renee estevez play on the west wing ?
when was soccer first introduced in the olympics ?
what famous battle marked the end of the revolutionary war ?
who is the author of the science book experiments and observations on electricity published in 1751 ?
harry potter and the order of the phoenix harry age ?
how many teams in the nba in 1956 ?
who did golden state play in the finals ?
who played jim on the tv show taxi ?
who killed henry in the time traveler's wife ?
where is the house that gone with the wind was filmed ?
what are the different levels of court in australia ?
who becomes president of the united states of the president should die ?
who played in wild wild west with will smith ?
what is the branch name for bank of america ?
who ran for president in the 1876 election ?
what was the official religion of the soviet union ?
when did atlanta become the capital of georgia ?
what book was the movie patton based on ?
when did post malone start his music career ?
what is the name of a young chicken ?
what team has won the most nba championships ?
who plays pt barnum's wife in the greatest showman ?
where are the bavarian alps located in germany ?
what does lisa raye do for a living ?
when was the last time the philadelphia flyers won the stanley cup ?
who designed the facade of st peter's in rome ?
who is the first lady of the usa ?
who controlled the economy of the incan empire ?
who did the voice of smaug in the hobbit ?
who is the original singer of one day ?
when did the last world war 1 survivor die ?
odalisque is a turkish term and can be defined as ?
where is the united states ranked in education in the world ?
who runs the federal territories of the us ?
who is considered the author of the declaration of independence ?
how many players went from high school to the nba ?
who did kentucky beat in 2012 ncaa tournament ?
who did the san francisco 49ers lose to in the super bowl ?
what was the name of led zeppelin's private jet ?
what is the english speaking country in south america ?
where was the legend of the lost filmed ?
where did united kingdom come in the eurovision ?
which country's flag is known as the union jack ?
when did the roman republic become an empire ?
who played moby in how i met your mother ?
where was tom brady picked in the draft ?
what is name of fuel used in aeroplane ?
where is keeping up with the kardashians filmed ?
who did arsenal beat in fa cup final ?
who made up the first estate in the french revolution ?
who wrote the book entitled of the revolutions of celestial spheres (de revolutionibus) ?
what states are in mountain standard time zone ?
what are the different kinds of catholic priests ?
who wrote the theme from a summer place ?
who played the role of predator in the movie predator ?
what language do they speak in game of thrones ?
when did the first thrift store open persona 5 ?
russian composer created the music for the ballet the firebird ?
where did buzz williams coach before virginia tech ?
who is the minister of education in australia ?
who was the ruler of north korea in 1950 ?
when was last time chicago cubs won world series ?
who was in control of congress in 2008 ?
who was the first republican governor elected in texas since reconstruction ?
is iran part of middle east or asia ?
who plays eva on the bold and the beautiful ?
what was indiana jones looking for in raiders of the lost ark ?
when and where did the revival of the olympics take place ?
who does jamie chung play in the gifted ?
who played dolly parton in coat of many colors ?
who owned the dallas cowboys before bum bright ?
who was the president of france during ww1 ?
who played the preacher in the movie uncle drew ?
what year did the lincoln continental come out ?
who does ann from parks and rec marry ?
what nfl team won the first two superbowls ?
who wrote the song born in the usa ?
germany's economic miracle resurrection was led by which chancellor ​ ?
when did the time of the roman empire begin ?
what kind of bridge is the mackinac bridge ?
when was the last episode of the fosters aired ?
who played georgy zhukov in the death of stalin ?
actor who plays chuck on better call saul ?
who wrote we cant stop by miley cyrus ?
who is the president of the senate of the united states ?
where was the movie the blue lagoon filmed ?
who has the most passing yards in nfl history ?
how many regions do we have in ghana ?
who plays mike in yours mine and ours ?
what are the federal states in switzerland called ?
where are the actinide and lanthanide elements found ?
what style of painting did salvador dali use ?
where is the winner of american idol from ?
where does the north begin in the us ?
when was the song my country tis of thee written ?
when was the sound of music musical written ?
who has the largest standing army in the world ?
the pulitzer prize-winning book profiles in courage was written by president ?
who won the national championship for college basketball ?
where does the eurostar leave from in london ?
who wrote i don't wanna live forever ?
where did the chargers play in san diego ?
who is the lead singer for the mavericks ?
who did john fox coach before the bears ?
who is the singer in love actually wedding ?
who plays nate in i am not ashamed ?
name the terminal stations of australian transcontinental railway ?
who was the native american that spoke english with the pilgrims ?
who is the head of state of new zealand ?
who played jennifer in back to the future 1 ?
who played cha cha in the movie grease ?
who died at the end of the omen ?
actress who plays rose in the last jedi ?
who is james talking to in the book of james ?
when did vatican city become a sovereign state ?
who wrote the lyrics to elton john songs ?
who is the current leader of san marino ?
when did hurricane sandy hit the united states ?
what is another name for the vietnam war ?
british general in the battle of new orleans ?
whats the name of the daughter in the addams family ?
how many ships does the china navy have ?
who was the president of india at present ?
the dutch traded manhattan for what south american country ?
when was the last time the seattle seahawks went to the superbowl ?
what state contains the geographic center of north america ?
when did west coast eagles start in the afl ?
when did the us lose control of cuba ?
which city is home to the italian car maker fiat ?
what country controlled north korea after world war 2 ?
who is the chief justice of the usa ?
who plays bunny in rise of the guardians ?
who is the head of provincial government of nepal ?
who serves as the president of the senate in the texas legislature ?
who played lieutenant barclay on star trek the next generation ?
when did the original texas chainsaw massacre movie come out ?
what team does ronaldo play for in the fifa world cup ?
how the division of power between higher and lower level of government is known as ?
where is the ritz hotel in paris located ?
what is the island between south africa and south america ?
who played denzel's wife in remember the titans ?
who played dr burke on grey's anatomy ?
what do the dazante figures from monte alban depict ?
who won the high school football national championship ?
who plays batman in the movie justice league ?
who played stymie in the little rascals movie ?
how many episodes in season 6 of ahs ?
who is the actress who plays mary in coronation street ?
what are the headwaters of the mississippi river ?
what is the population of toronto ontario canada ?
what language is spoken in the movie apocalypto ?
who is the original singer of where is the love ?
who played syrena in pirates of the caribbean ?
who did the vocals for pink floyd's great gig in the sky ?
cape town is the capital of what country ?
who was the voice of hr puff n stuff ?
when did the referendum occur and in what states ?
who was the murderer in the movie in the heat of the night ?
when did the mlb hall of fame start ?
which is the largest speaking language in india ?
who is the commander in chief of military ?
who wrote the words to it is well with my soul ?
who wrote the book the shape of water ?
who is the owner of jimmy john's ?
what is the percentage of christian in world ?
was star wars a book first or a movie ?
what channel is the premier league on in france ?
who won the men's 2009 australian open ?
what is the official language of the un ?
pianist frédéric chopin was a composer of which musical era ?
where is california located in the region of the united states ?
who plays jim morrison in the doors movie ?
how many episodes are in a season of nashville ?
which president had the highest number of supreme court justices confirmed ?
how many mp's are there in kenya ?
where is the university of new mexico located ?
who played darth vader in star wars a new hope ?
where was thomas paine's common sense published ?
what kind of business did the wright brothers own before their flight ?
where did clay matthews jr play college football ?
who was the president of the united states in 1900 ?
who is the song missing you by diana ross about ?
where does china rank in the world economy ?
who did the navajo code talkers work for ?
who won the 9th season of america's got talent ?
who played george bailey in it's a wonderful life ?
where was the movie book of eli filmed ?
who played the original maxie on general hospital ?
who directed indiana jones raiders of the lost ark ?
who has become the new prime minister of pakistan ?
who assumes office if the president is impeached ?
who is the present governor of cross river state ?
when did tonight show move to new york ?
who is the movie jerry maguire based on ?
a small river or stream flowing into a large river ?
who was the president of the union army ?
what city is the hgtv show good bones filmed in ?
when was the first jurassic park film made ?
who played ian holt on drop dead diva ?
when did last harry potter movie come out ?
how many episodes in gavin and stacey series 3 ?
who is the gospel of mark written for ?
where is the new texas rangers stadium being built ?
what percent of the english language is greek ?
when did new orleans saints win the superbowl ?
who played ted nugent in that 70s show ?
who is buried in basilica di santa croce ?
which indian language is known as kohinoor language ?
who is the current president of u s a ?
where does the southern hairy nosed wombat live ?
who wrote take a little piece of my heart ?
when was lafayette indiana incorporated as a town ?
who plays rita in the new power rangers movie ?
who starred in the movie on the waterfront ?
when did chelsea first win the fa cup ?
when did george orwell write his first book ?
how many goals did david beckham scored for real madrid ?
what is the age to buy alcohol in spain ?
who played two face in batman dark knight ?
how many books are in the missing series by haddix ?
where does the last name haro come from ?
who sings beauty and the beast in the movie ?
who has won the most dally m awards ?
who played the fugitive in the original tv series ?
when did the lead singer of acdc died ?
what teams did babe ruth play for baseball ?
who played reese witherspoon's daughters in home again ?
when is next maze runner movie coming out ?
when was the surgeon general created in the united states ?
who is the president of u s a ?
when was the first pink panther movie made ?
who won the toss in 1983 world cup final ?
when did the boston celtics win their first championship ?
what type of business structure does cadbury have ?
where did gina rodriguez go to high school ?
who is the chairman of infosys at present ?
who wrote the music and lyrics for sound of music ?
who was the host of miss world 2017 ?
where does the source of political power in missouri lie ?
who won the battle of appomattox in the civil war ?
who does zach galifianakis play in american dad ?
who came up with the idea of timezones ?
who played howard in last of the summer wine ?
who supported north korea in the korean war ?
when was the last time the mavericks made the playoffs ?
when did the galaxy grand prime come out ?
who won carrie underwood season of american idol ?
what movie is the song i will remember you from ?
a division of the army commanded by a colonel ?
when did the original singer of acdc die ?
who is the parent company of fox news ?
who played mike logan on law and order ?
who has the tie breaking vote in senate ?
when was the first person killed by a car ?
who was the president of the constitutional convention ?
when does the bruce lee movie come out ?
when did los angeles become a sanctuary city ?
who was the first chief justice of the supreme court ?
where was the movie treasure of the sierra madre filmed ?
how many language appear on the indian rupee note ?
what is the meaning of arsh in islam ?
who are the child actors in not going out ?
which nation is on the horn of africa ?
when did the houston astros won a world series ?
who played michael smith in i can only imagine ?
who played lead guitar on let it be ?
who played santa in santa claus the movie ?
where did they film the tv show dallas ?
who wrote i shot the sheriff bob dylan ?
who was the king at the time of the magna carta ?
who was englands king during world war 2 ?
office of the director of national intelligence location ?
who played cochise in taza son of cochise ?
when was the last time chicago white sox won the world series ?
how many countries can i go with british passport ?
who played the mother in ya ya sisterhood ?
who wrote the kartilla considered the bible of the katipunan movement ?
who plays jackie kennedy in the movie jackie ?
what type of lava did mt st helens have ?
who plays lara croft in new tomb raider ?
who plays taylor on bold and the beautiful ?
who played david banner in the hulk tv series ?
what is the legislative body of chicago called ?
where does the last name wilson come from ?
when did the song mr. sandman come out ?
when did lionel messi started playing for barcelona ?
how many players on a nba basketball team ?
when did the bonus army march on washington ?
how many episodes of channel zero butcher's block are there ?
who entered the us in the vietnam war ?
who is the current prime minister of jamaica ?
what is the song don't cry for me argentina from ?
where did israel go after they left egypt ?
who was the first quarterback for the carolina panthers ?
who voices obi wan in the clone wars ?
what is the country of siam called today ?
where did gabrielle union go to high school ?
how many national championships does alabama have in college football ?
why was germany divided into two separate countries after wwii ?
when did the army air corp became the air force ?
what is the circulation of the globe and mail ?
current board of governors of the federal reserve ?
how many seats do the democrats hold in the senate ?
who had the first dog as a pet ?
what is the amusement park in national lampoon's vacation ?
how many towns and cities in rhode island ?
who did the chicago cubs beat in the world series last year ?
who played anne in anne with a e ?
who played duckie in the movie pretty in pink ?
what part of the country is florida in ?
where does air force 1 fly out of ?
where did the israelites cross the jordan river ?
who plays robin hood on once upon a time ?
shock top belgian wheat is what style of beer ?
who is opening for shania twain in ottawa ?
who wrote the book it's a wonderful life ?
who plays gimli in lord of the rings ?
how many colleges or universities are in the united states ?
who played the little girl in the original exorcist ?
who appoints the director of the office of government ethics ?
what episode does olivia die in the walking dead ?
how many theme parks does disney have in florida ?
where are they building the mercedes benz stadium ?
who did george harrison wrote the song something for ?
what is the area code for omaha nebraska ?
who is the current secretary general of common wealth nation ?
who plays loveday in the secret of moonacre ?
what is the latest george rr martin book ?
who was the first actor to play sherlock holmes ?
what is the per capita income of qatar ?
what is the new name of the czech republic ?
what are the 3 types of plays that shakespeare wrote ?
the number of judges of the swiss tribunal is ?
what is the meaning of the name vernon ?
what movie is the song pumpin blood in ?
who starred in the film the quiet man ?
where does the force of a tsunami come from ?
cast of the movie ricki and the flash ?
who was the actor who played the predator ?
who plays merida in once upon a time ?
who played spock's mom in star trek ?
when was the john hancock building in chicago built ?
who plays guitar on who's that lady ?
who played victoria lord on one life to live ?
what is the full name of the president of ghana ?
what was the first movie elvis presley made ?
who won the super bowl between the patriots and eagles ?
actor who played santa claus in fred claus ?
what is the role of a chancellor in germany ?
actress who played emma peel in the avengers ?
is leeds in the north west or north east ?
who wrote the novel the grapes of wrath ?
who is the general manager of the minnesota twins ?
who plays jan in the brady bunch movie ?
where did gone with the wind premiere in atlanta ?
where does the term spirits for alcohol come from ?
when was the indian act passed in canada ?
greenland is a dependency of what european country ?
how many state government do we have in nigeria ?
when did the golden state warriors become a team ?
who is running for illinois state's attorney ?
what is the name of the traditional drink of oaxaca ?
where is tunisia football team ranked in the world ?
when did pirates of the caribbean ride open in disney world ?
where was stephen king's it filmed at ?
who's the actress that plays in tomb raider ?
actor who played gary preston in the sitcom miranda ?
who was drafted before michael jordan in the nba draft ?
who appointed colonial governors in british north america ?
what is the length of the chesapeake bay bridge tunnel ?
what is the area code for cincinnati ohio ?
an empire in west africa that became a powerful state ?
who played professor dumbledore in harry potter movies ?
who authored the famous novel the fountain head ?
who played in the nba finals in 1994 ?
who played the pinhead in american horror story ?
where was the 1987 rugby world cup held ?
who played the nun in the conjuring two ?
who wrote the story the wizard of oz ?
where was the movie how to be a latin lover filmed ?
who starred in the original star is born ?
when is the movie death cure coming out ?
who voiced meg in the first season of family guy ?
who plays james nava in shades of blue ?
who plays michael myers in the halloween films ?
what is the name of parliament of afghanistan ?
who wrote the words to the song mary did you know ?
when did the land before time come out ?
who appoints judges of supreme court and high court ?
where was the nuclear power plant in japan ?
who did the tampa bay buccaneers play in the super bowl ?
buddhism was transmitted to japan by way of ?
where is naples florida located in the state ?
who does dwyane wade play for this year ?
what is the most common language in italy ?
quarterbacks who won super bowls with different teams ?
in the pre-columbian era what were the only domesticated beasts of burden in the americas ?
in what form was charles dickens first book published ?
who is the inventor of the tesla coil ?
first leader of the nationalist party in china ?
name the indian state with large portions of desert area ?
when does mexico play in the little league world series ?
who wrote the lyrics for new york new york ?
when was the san francisco international airport built ?
who is the actor that plays the tick ?
what is the third level of government in australia ?
who played eddie in rocky horror picture show ?
what is apollo the god of in roman mythology ?
who played fanny brice in funny girl on broadway ?
who played felix leiter in the james bond movies ?
when was the last time the broncos went to the super bowl ?
what is the most expensive van gogh painting ?
how many episodes are in season 1 of a series of unfortunate events ?
what is the population of port st lucie ?
where did the dallas cowboys play before at&t stadium ?
who is the actor that plays jesus on walking dead ?
what are the main sectors of the economy ?
when does the presidential election occur in the united states ?
who introduces the president at the state of the union ?
who is the actor who played sirius black ?
where is the texas state capitol building located ?
term for a member state of the swiss confederation ?
who is the original artist of sound of silence ?
what is the black ribbon on google for ?
when is puerto rico competing in the winter olympics ?
which film did matthew mcconaughey win an oscar ?
who did chris paul play for last season ?
what was the name of syria in biblical times ?
who played luke mcdonald in the movie el dorado ?
what is the meaning of yang in chinese ?
king arthur legend of the sword who was the mage ?
who was in charge of the roman government ?
when was germany split into east and west ?
which network does virgin mobile use in south africa ?
who does the director of homeland security report to ?
who plays johnny on young and the restless ?
name of the capital city of the democratic republic of the congo ?
who appoints members of state agencies with the consent of the senate ?
who founded the university of north carolina at chapel hill ?
when did lil durk sign to def jam ?
when did the st. louis rams win the superbowl ?
where was the winter olympics held in italy ?
is iceland part of europe or north america ?
who are the current 9 justices of the supreme court ?
power over the island nation of cyprus is disputed by (5 points) ?
who plays the bad guy in the new jumanji movie ?
who plays mick jennings in home and away ?
who played bill cosby's father in the cosby show ?
what part of the world is syria in ?
is lord of the rings a british film ?
who did the miami dolphins play in the 1972 super bowl ?
who does morgan end up with in chuck ?
where does the movie the fugitive take place ?
where does diary of a wimpy kid the getaway take place ?
where do the new orleans saints football team play ?
when was the first moon landing and what was the name of the spacecraft ?
when did the tampa bay buccaneers win the super bowl ?
when did manchester united win their first premier league title ?
where did the country chad get its name ?
who played john smith in i am number four ?
what is the starting point of the mississippi river ?
who was the lead singer of the atlanta rhythm section ?
who is regarded as the founder of the indian national congress ?
what is the running time for the post ?
when is the last time denver broncos won a superbowl ?
the house of representatives is the what house in congress ?
who does mila kunis voice in family guy ?
who's the starting quarterback for the texans ?
where did the first battle of the texas revolution take place ?
who plays bellatrix lestrange in harry potter 7 ?
what is the biggest game company in the world ?
who is the original singer of one moment in time ?
who is leading the sask party leadership race ?
who played ellen brown on the andy griffith show ?
which southeastern state has a capital named richmond ?
when did the movie i can only imagine came out ?
who presided over the congress at the signing of the declaration of independence ?
what is the name of the reds stadium ?
who played the girl in the movie my girl ?
where is atlantic city located in new jersey ?
where did kansas city quarterback go to college ?
what type of government system does the usa have ?
which greek philosopher was sentenced to death by poision ?
when's the last time the steelers won the superbowl ?
who is the president of the people's republic of china ?
who played anne boleyn in a man for all seasons ?
at least how many tropical islands are found in the caribbean between florida and venezuela ​ ?
how many terminals are there at vienna airport ?
what is the population of new south wales ?
who played brooke wyndham in legally blonde the musical ?
who is playing in the hall of fame game this year ?
who were we fighting in world war 2 ?
who is first president of united states of america ?
when did michael jackson the experience come out ?
when did chris paul play for the hornets ?
who plays james kirk in star trek 2013 ?
where was pirates of the carribean 2 filmed ?
what are the 5 largest cities in washington state ?
who plays shiloh in repo the genetic opera ?
where is the mona lisa painting right now ?
who does clary end up with in the mortal instruments ?
when was the last time the la kings made the playoffs ?
who plays nell jones on ncis los angeles ?
who does nate archibald end up with in the books ?
who played piano on rock and roll music by the beatles ?
where does the belief in chakras come from ?
who composed the theme tune to midsomer murders ?
who is the head of the national security agency ?
who did josh brolin play in avengers age of ultron ?
where does the movie little giants take place ?
who played kunta kinte's father in roots ?
who plays dionysus in the lightning thief musical ?
when was india made part of the british empire ?
when did cuba become a protectorate of the us ?
where did the second continental congress take place ?
when different parties control the white house and congress ?
do you know what the capital of djibouti is ?
who played charlene darling on the andy griffith show ?
who plays the mom of betty in riverdale ?
where are the next summer olympic games being held ?
how to talk to a user on wikipedia ?
who played floyd in the andy griffith show ?
who plays timon and pumbaa in the lion king ?
who has the most td in college football ?
how many judges currently serve on the supreme court ?
what percentage of the population live in the northern hemisphere ?
when did charles darwin publish his theory of evolution ?
what is the name of president of kenya ?
who wrote the musical score for the godfather ?
who plays thomas forrester on bold and the beautiful ?
how many letters does the greek alphabet have ?
what is the capital of brazil in south america ?
what is the origin of the southern accent ?
who wrote the words of land of hope and glory ?
who used to be the voice of meg griffin ?
what is the name of the elvish language in lotr ?
where did the last name robinson come from ?
what position does russell wilson play in mlb ?
when did hurricane ivan hit the cayman islands ?
what was the name of the book darwin published ?
who did the theme song for power rangers ?
who came up with the idea of youtube ?
who sang the power of love before celine dion ?
who is the president of chile right now ?
who played malcolm on malcolm in the middle ?
when was the rocky mountain national park established ?
who has the most touchdowns passes in the nfl ?
who played the original meg on family guy ?
who plays larry david's dad in curb your enthusiasm ?
who played mrs bennet in pride and prejudice ?
what movie did goldie hawn won an academy award for ?
in the civil war who had more soldiers ?
actor who played rudy in the book thief ?
what type of government do they have in north korea ?
when was the first railway line built in britain ?
what is the song anything you can do from ?
what is the country code of los angeles ?
what is the current national circulation of the wall street journal ?
when did the current queen of england take the throne ?
who played betty in some mothers do ave em ?
who ruled the ottoman empire at its height in about 1550 ?
how many home alone movies did they make ?
where is area code 780 located in canada ?
who plays troy in bella and the bulldogs ?
who played count almasy in the english patient ?
when was great expectations published as a novel ?
where did the merchant of venice take place ?
which three religions have fought for control of jerusalem ?
who recorded the album dark side of the moon ?
what is the most points scored in an nfl game ?
who is the founder of facebook social network ?
where was irving berlin when he wrote white christmas ?
who did vince carter play for last year ?
who wrote the guitar riff to beat it ?
who was the prime minister of piedmont who organized the italian unification movement ?
what is the biggest province or territory in canada ?
where is the republic of the congo located ?
who is the director of matrix the movie ?
who is the movie the revenant based on ?
where does the story shooting an elephant take place ?
when did kevin durant start playing for golden state ?
which one is the biggest airport in europe ?
when was the last lethal weapon movie made ?
who was president when the white house was built ?
who wrote drink a beer for luke bryan ?
who does michael marry in the wedding plan ?
who is the minister of agriculture in south africa ?
when did the queen last come to australia ?
what percentage of australia's population is foreign born ?
who plays nick in once upon a time ?
who are the stars on americas got talent ?
which language has the largest number of speakers in the world ?
holiday inn is part of what hotel chain ?
when did the movie get out come out ?
who plays alec lightwood in the tv series ?
who played john abbott on the young and the restless ?
who scored the most goals in real madrid ?
who plays steffy in the bold and the beautiful ?
what was the original name of columbia university ?
where was the quick and the dead movie filmed ?
when did michael jordan win his first mvp ?
primary military leader within the department of defense ?
what state just touches new mexico at its northwest corner ?
when did the leafs last win a cup ?
where was harry potter and the half blood prince filmed ?
what did she die of in moulin rouge ?
what ivy league school is in ithaca ny ?
who did john carter have a baby with ?
when did the dallas stars win the stanley cup ?
who played michael sullivan jr in road to perdition ?
what movie is the song private eyes in ?
who played prince humperdinck in the princess bride ?
when was last time canada won stanley cup ?
where is stranger things season 2 episode 1 filmed ?
what is the only country in central america that doesn't speak spanish ?
when did the civil war take place in america ?
who is the author of the book dork diaries ?
what province is situated on the appalachian range ?
who was the founder of kansas state university ?
when was mission san luis obispo de tolosa built ?
who did culpepper play for in the nfl ?
who played the u.s. president in the 1995 movie the american president ?
when did the chiefs win the super bowl ?
who won a best supporting actor oscar for the 2004 movie 'million dollar baby' ?
who did manchester united beat in the 1999 european cup final ?
colombo is in which state of sri lanka ?
who does neil patrick harris voice in family guy ?
when did fiesta texas open in san antonio ?
who plays jason the investigator on the good wife ?
who is one of the california senators now ?
who played michael myers in the rob zombie remake ?
where is there's something about mary filmed ?
what is the national bird of the united states ?
who played kinu owens on a different world ?
the story of seven ages by william shakespeare ?
who gets married at the end of how i met your mother ?
who played april kepner on grey's anatomy ?
what countrys flag is black yellow and red ?
what type of book is the adventures of huckleberry finn ?
when did construction begin on the lincoln memorial ?
where does the prime minister of israel live ?
who played george kirk in the star trek movie ?
who was the last ruling king of england ?
what was jesse's wife's name on full house ?
who dies at the end of truth or dare ?
when did presidential candidates start choosing running mates ?
who was the first president of the united states why was he the choice of all ?
who's the first president of the united states ?
when did bill knapps go out of business ?
how many games did france play in world cup ?
when did stephen hawking wrote a brief history of time ?
when did roger federer win the french open ?
when was the last time the leafs made it past the first round ?
what type of government is the democratic republic of congo ?
who plays dr riggs on grey's anatomy ?
address for department of justice in washington dc ?
who is the only president that has a ph.d ?
who is opening for john mayer on his tour ?
hunting and gathering is primarily associated with what political system ?
what is the first state in the us ?
what year is it now in the japanese calendar ?
which group of artist is well known for painting en plein air ?
who is jane's best friend in jane the virgin ?
what episode does jane tell grayson that she is deb ?
who played the flash in the tv series ?
where is the lake district national park located ?
who won the most world series as a player ?
what kind of home did the shoshone live in ?
what is the population of the des moines area ?
what does the name kato mean in japanese ?
who was the last nba player drafted out of high school ?
where was avril lavigne's head above water video filmed ?
who is the largest coffee producer in the world ?
who did the st louis rams beat in the super bowl ?
when did childish gambino release his first song ?
when was the book gone with the wind written ?
who is the minister of education in sri lanka ?
who does chris sullivan play in guardians of the galaxy ?
where was the battle of lexington and concord fought at ?
when was the play an inspector calls written ?
who is the singer of waiting for love ?
who was the prime minister of great britain in 1956 ?
who played johnny depp's mom in sleepy hollow ?
what capital is home of the red house ?
where does hunt for the wilderpeople take place ?
how long did the tv show er run ?
who did clint howard play on andy griffith show ?
in which region are most of the cities of brazil ?
where is the u21 euro championships being held ?
who plays brian the boom guy on the office ?
who chairs the debates at the house of commons ?
what country did the united states buy the gadsden purchase from ?
who was responsible for appointing governors in the early american colonies ?
who won last year's fa cup final ?
what was the doctor's name that created frankenstein ?
where is the grand canyon located what state ?
who became a spokesperson against the war in vietnam ?
who plays the first game of the nfl season this year ?
who played billy mack's manager in love actually ?
when was washington appointed general of the continental army ?
who made the bomb that was dropped on hiroshima ?
the cultural blending of greek and roman culture came to be called ?
who is the president of the university of maryland baltimore county ?
where does publishing clearing house get their money ?
what was the real name of harry potter ?
who was the first president of the nbew ?
who played the catwoman in tv series batman ?
three countries that have coasts on the pacific ocean ?
who sings beauty and the beast in the original movie ?
who is the longest ruling non-royal head of state ?
whose the minister of finance in south africa ?
where was the house located in the movie baby boy ?
what type of plane is the wright flyer ?
who played the mother on what's happening ?
what is the capital of georgia the country ?
who said it's better to have loved and lost ?
president of un general assembly is from which country ?
what is the small country east of greenland ?
how many gates does miami international airport have ?
who played face in the a team tv show ?
is the kansas city airport in kansas or missouri ?
under which emperor did rome adopt christianity as its official religion ?
who is the coach of the cincinnati bearcats ?
who's running for the governor of california ?
where does publisher clearing house money come from ?
what's the dangly thing on a turkey called ?
who has the executive power in south carolina ?
who does archie end up with betty or veronica ?
who plays vincent van gogh in doctor who ?
since when is puerto rico part of the us ?
what is the main train station in kyoto ?
who played scout in to kill a mockingbird movie ?
who does the voice of wybie in coraline ?
when did leicester city win the premier league ?
who is the head of the catholic church in ireland ?
when was the last time the new york yankees won the world series ?
who plays stuart bloom on big bang theory ?
when did the first light bulb get invented ?
who does suarez play for 2018 world cup ?
what physical feature forms the eastern boundary of europe ?
who was the 41th president of the united states ?
which team has the most ncaa tournament appearances ?
who played mr bingley in pride and prejudice ?
when is the british open played this year ?
who did the chargers trade eli manning for ?
when did tom brady became a starter for the patriots ?
who wrote the text amarkosha during the gupta age ?
who played taylor in the pilot of american housewife ?
when did kevin durant sign with the golden state warriors ?
how many times did the giants win the world series ?
when does episode 18 of jane the virgin come out ?
￼ what actor/actress has won the most academy awards ?
who became the first governor-general of the philippines ?
what is the scripture for god so loved the world ?
when did the education reform start in america ?
who played biff in back to the future ?
where did the hartford whalers hockey team move to ?
who represents fresno in the california assembly and state senate ?
who has played the most seasons in the nba ?
when is the president of the senate allowed to vote ?
what kind of boundary is offshore the andes mountains ?
what region of the world is israel located ?
what are the names of buddy's sisters on cake boss ?
name of the present pope of vatican city ?
who is the actress who plays eleven on stranger things ?
who claimed a homeland in parts of turkey iran and iraq ?
who plays black widow in the avengers movie ?
who plays captain kirk in star trek 2013 ?
who was the captain of the cornelia marie ?
when was the last time the yankees won a world series ?
who played the mom in the movie et ?
who did the brewers get for khris davis ?
when was the last episode of once upon a time aired ?
when did the angels became the los angeles angels ?
what is the holy book of jewish called ?
the joy of life was painted in which style ?
what is the most popular sport in ecuador ?
who played dorothy gale in return to oz ?
name the mountain range that runs along the adriatic coast in the balkans ?
where does black lightning tv show take place ?
what kind of fish do they eat in iceland ?
how many islands are there in the philippines ?
who was elected president of central legislative assembly in 1925 ?
american female singer who died in a plane crash ?
who proposes a new law in the bahamas for the government ?
where was the first aldi store in the us ?
how many world series championships do the yankees have ?
most popular form of christianity in united states ?
who won the super bowl back to back ?
who becomes president if the president and vice president dies philippines ?
who has the best record in major league baseball ?
when was the south carolina state house built ?
when was the first walt disney cartoon made ?
where was the movie high school musical filmed ?
where was the movie lean on me filmed ?
who has more power in italy the president or the prime minister ?
vani vilasa sagara dam popularly known as mari kanive is over which river ?
how many episodes in red dwarf season 1 ?
what is the panthers name in disney's the jungle book ?
when did spain change their currency to the euro ?
who played the voice of edna in the incredibles ?
who wrote the introduction to the voyage out ?
what continent is the tigris and euphrates rivers located ?
the rock movie where he is a football player ?
which river in africa is the water source for the victoria falls ?
what is the enrollment of loyola university in chicago ?
who won the mvp in the american league ?
who votes to make someone a presidential party nominee ?
what is north korea's relationship with the united states ?
who plays young peter quill in guardians of the galaxy ?
who are the democrats running for governor in arizona ?
who voices harley quinn in the lego batman movie ?
when was charles darwin's book the origin of species published ?
when did construction start on the new tappan zee bridge ?
where is the world cup being held next year ?
who were the united states presidents that were assassinated ?
who was the president of the continental congress when the declaration of independence was adopted ?
who plays gilbert blythe in anne of green gables ?
who wrote the national anthem trinidad and tobago ?
when did walt whitman wrote o captain my captain ?
who played murphy brown in the tv series ?
when did the first youtube video come out ?
where was the movie man of the house filmed ?
who plays voldemort in origins of the heir ?
when did the first woman win the best director oscar ?
where did the battle fort sumter take place ?
where is game 7 of the world series played ?
when did abuja became the capital of nigeria ?
star wars the clone wars clone voice actor ?
who was the actor that played the incredible hulk ?
where was the movie birth of a nation filmed at ?
who played sam phillips in walk the line ?
when did they start building the african american museum ?
who does the voice of bob's burgers ?
what is the new legend of zelda game called ?
who sang judy judy judy do you love me ?
michael jackson wanna be starting something release date ?
when did the first casino open in atlantic city ?
who played clyde in the movie bonnie and clyde ?
who is the hawaiian that sings somewhere over the rainbow ?
the dominant form of islam in saudi arabia is ?
which countries in the european union don't use the euro ?
language which has an official designation in ethiopia ?
andy warhol was influential to the development of this band ?
who fought the confederates in the american civil war ?
where did the tampa bay lightning first play ?
who is the longest-running cast member on saturday night live ?
where is the european court of human rights located ?
who played bart millard in i can only imagin ?
when did the first world war started and ended ?
who determines the number of justices on the supreme court ?
who played eric in head of the class ?
who is the president of the national human rights commission ?
who plays dwight's brother on the office ?
who played dr green's daughter on er ?
when did the first mcdonald's open up ?
who played cleopatra in the carry on film ?
when did hebrew become the official language of israel ?
when did lucille ball start i love lucy ?
who does chris griffin voice on family guy ?
who played michael corleone son in godfather 2 ?
who is the chief justice of meghalaya high court ?
what type of column is found in the u.s. supreme court building ?
who plays big rhonda on that 70's show ?
guy who played tupac in all eyes on me ?
what kind of currency is used in new zealand ?
who played the character stone on general hospital ?
when was the pledge of allegiance written and by whom ?
who played as michael jackson in the jacksons an american dream ?
what is the dwarf city in the hobbit called ?
what was the pantheon in rome used for ?
who killed king geoffrey in game of thrones ?
who sang lead on something by the beatles ?
when was the last time texas voted democrat in a presidential election ?
who was the first royal to live in buckingham palace ?
who do northern ireland rugby players play for ?
who stars in the fate of the furious movie ?
who was the voice of dory in finding dory ?
what is the name of the first pope ?
where is the guam located on a map ?
when did the militarists take over the civilian government of japan ?
when was abuja became the capital of nigeria ?
who wrote in my time of dying lyrics ?
which came first in star wars the book or the movie ?
who was the most decorated soldier of world war 2 ?
who is the attorney general for the state of new jersey ?
when was the bishop of rome first called pope ?
where does the chippewa river start and end ?
when was fly me to the moon written ?
which country is known as land of thunder dragon ?
who made the movie birth of a nation ?
what are the types of government in nigeria ?
who does miley cyrus play in high school musical 2 ?
who is the external affairs minister of afghanistan ?
who wrote in the shelter of his arms ?
who is the actor who plays damon in vampire diaries ?
who designed the transamerica building in san francisco ?
how many episodes in each season of that 70s show ?
who won the most grammy awards by male artist in one night ?
u.s. ambassador killed in the line of duty ?
who wrote leviathan detailing his ideas about a state of nature ?
when did the seattle metropolitans win the stanley cup ?
who does michael jordan play in the black panther ?
where in south africa is miss universe 2017 from ?
who played victoria on how i met your mother ?
which river has the largest basin in world ?
how much territory did the ottoman empire cover ?
where did the last name keller come from ?
who won the espy for best female athlete ?
who played charlie brown in the peanuts movie ?
when was the last time a team won the world series two years in a row ?
what cities are close to college station texas ?
who stars in the new movie beauty and the beast ?
who is regarded as the first important artist of the italian renaissance ?
who is the prime minister of pakistan at present ?
who played frank in father of the bride ?
where do the vice president of the united states live ?
who is playing the role of roshni in yeh hai mohabbatein ?
who played alan turner's son in emmerdale ?
who is running for us senate in new mexico ?
what is the longest river in great britain ?
who was the first elected president of south africa ?
who played the daughter of darlene on roseanne ?
what sports did jackie robinson play besides baseball ?
who is the leader of the ontario libertarian party ?
who plays john wick on the big screen ?
who received the democratic nomination for president in 1988 ?
when did eric forman leave that 70s show ?
where does the name rainbow six come from ?
what is something that gives out light called ?
who wrote his description of cork cells in micrographia ?
who won the 2017 mayoral election in nyc ?
who plays elena in vampire diaries season 8 ?
where does the last name smith derive from ?
who was the president that served 3 terms ?
where does the last name cardozo come from ?
what does the k stand for in ksa saudi arabia ?
what conference is university of miami football in ?
who are the nominees for best supporting actress ?
which nation did sandinista rebels overthrow the dictator of in 1979 ?
when did the united states get involved in the vietnam war ?
what is the jewish population of the uk ?
identify the colonies that are classified as new england ?
which tribe has the highest population in nigeria ?
who is the head coach at notre dame ?
who discovered the center of the milky way galaxy ?
who is running for prime minister in uk ?
who is paige on days of our lives ?
who is the current leader of saudi arabia 2017 ?
how did ted's wife die in how i met your mother ?
who did lebron james play for before the cleveland cavaliers ?
what is the name of the seattle seahawks coach ?
how many wins does the dodgers have in the world series ?
who is in the band all that remains ?
what does the shape of france look like ?
who is the author of brave new world ?
when did algeria became a department of france ?
which department in the presidents cabinet is led by the attorney general ?
who built the temple for the ark of the covenant ?
what was the original name for the hawaiian islands ?
how many episodes are in season 4 of power on starz ?
where did the story of the sound of music take place ?
what is the name of the carolina panthers stadium ?
where is emily from pretty little liars from ?
how many goals did brazil ronaldo scored in his career ?
who does ryan end up with in the office ?
who was the king after david in the bible ?
how many episode in the originals season 4 ?
what is the smallest country in the europe ?
which movie came first red dragon or silence of the lambs ?
who wrote the national anthem of the philippines ?
who occupies the west bank and gaza strip ?
what was the first purpose of the declaration of independence ?
who led the mongols into russia and conquered kiev ?
who did the seahawks beat in the superbowl ?
where is the main office of the ncaa ?
what south american country was settled by the portuguese ?
who won the gold medal in women's curling in the olympics ?
temperature of the surface of the sun in kelvin ?
what is the french phrase for painting done out of doors ?
who is running for us senate in ohio ?
who was the us president when nafta was founded ?
who won the world series the most times ?
real name of meghna in ek shringaar swabhiman ?
who wrote the art of the deal book ?
who is the mother in how i met your.mother ?
who played cameron in father of the bride ?
which is the smallest continent on the earth ?
when was who says by selena gomez written ?
who is the singer of main tera boyfriend ?
where does the movie son in law take place ?
who does the voiceover on how it's made ?
which is the first film of kareena kapoor ?
who plays tupac shakur in all eyez on me ?
who is the actor who plays jamie fraser in outlander ?
when was the circus maximus built in rome ?
before mount everest was discovered what was the tallest mountain ?
who played short round in the indiana jones movies ?
when did they start calling it super bowl ?
what's the name of the james brown movie ?
what airlines fly to rio hato airport panama ?
who plays princess leia in the new star wars movie ?
how many republicans and how many democrats are in the senate ?
the two largest metropolitan areas in canada are toronto and ?
who gives state of the union address in 2017 ?
what country does france share a border with ?
when was the first tesla electric car made ?
coaches who have won college and nfl championships ?
when did the red sox win their last world series ?
what is the name of the capital city of algeria ?
where is st.augustine located on the map of florida ?
what is the internet country domain code of india ?
who was the king of the akkadians who conquered all of mesopotamia ?
who is the image on alaska airlines planes ?
what region of the world is mexico city in ?
who did taylor swift play in hannah montana the movie ?
what is the biggest university campus in the us ?
who played sheriff farley in my cousin vinny ?
who plays dr doofenshmirtz on phineas and ferb ?
name the plate on which ireland is situated ?
when did the movie love and basketball come out ?
when did tom brady become a starter for the patriots ?
how much does it cost to renew a cuban passport ?
who's the oldest basketball player in the nba ?
who is the founder of portuguese power in india ?
who won the world cup football in 2002 ?
when did the first slavs get to eastern europe ?
how did mission san gabriel arcangel get its name ?
who wrote she used to love me alot ?
what awards did the things they carried win ?
which country did iraq invade who was the dictator at the time ?
how far is college station from dallas tx ?
how many planes are in the canadian air force ?
what two countries claim the virgin islands in the caribbean sea ?
who is the chief executive of the state of florida ?
what teams did quarterback nick foles play for ?
who won coach of the year in nba ?
who is the capital of texas (austin) named after ?
when did the yankees win the world series last ?
who is traditionally said to be the author of ecclesiastes ?
who played tony and ziva's daughter on ncis ?
who is the actor that plays brody on homeland ?
what country is the soccer team juventus from ?
where does the kentucky river meet the ohio river ?
where does that 70's show take place ?
what years did the harry potter books take place ?
how did the atlanta falcons owner make his money ?
how many miss americas are from new york ?
who won the war of 1812 between the us and britain ?
where do the boston celtics play home games ?
who was the guy that shot himself on tv ?
who wrote the song pain in my heart ?
who is the actress that plays queen mary in reign ?
who is the author of book entitled principles of economics ?
who is the head of state of spain ?
what is the capital of bolivia in south america ?
when did the flyers go to the stanley cup ?
linear perspective was perfected during which art period quizlet ?
how many districts are in the state of alabama ?
what year did the berlin wall came down ?
who died in the last star wars movie ?
who wrote the song i go to pieces ?
what movie was blackbird by the beatles in ?
when did kobe bryant win his first ring ?
what is the main religion in the world ?
when did the electoral college come into existence ?
who is the host of comedy central the daily show ?
who was jesus talking to in john 3 16 ?
who wrote play your own kind of music ?
who played leo getz in lethal weapon tv series ?
who plays the ugly sister in shrek 2 ?
who appoints the prime minister and cabinet minister ?
who plays dawn in buffy the vampire slayer ?
what's the name of the prison in san francisco ?
when is the next telltale walking dead coming out ?
when did the world celebrate it most recent millennium ?
where did the chicago bulls play before the united center ?
where is loch lomond and the trossachs national park located ?
who is aire to the throne of england ?
who starred in the streets of san francisco ?
when was one love by bob marley written ?
what channel is the smithsonian channel on verizon ?
what is the genre of wonder the book ?
what percentage of the world population are buddhist ?
where was the people's republic of china located ?
who was the president of pakistan in 1993 ?
who sings the theme song for the show half and half ?
what country supported the united states after the battle of saratoga ?
who plays mr finn on school of rock ?
what is the 2 letter postal code for nebraska ?
how many parts of speech exist in english grammar ?
who is the actress that played princess leia ?
who is the voice of the mad hatter ?
which nfl team has played in the most superbowls ?
who was the first king to start building the temple of karnak ?
when was the first woman admitted to harvard ?
who played jesus in the original jesus christ super star ?
who plays arthur in once upon a time ?
in what modern day country did the renassaince start in ?
when's the last time dallas won a playoff game ?
who wrote the wealth of nations john maynard keynes friedrich engels adam smith milton friedman ?
tony nominees for best actor in a musical ?
who played the beast in the live-action beauty and the beast ?
who is the actor javier in the good behavior ?
who is the attorney general for new jersey ?
as a region which part of the us produces the most hydropower ?
visa requirements for australian citizens travelling to brazil ?
where is finland located on a map of europe ?
what is the name of currency of bhutan ?
where does the pope the head of roman catholic church live ?
who plays it in stephen king's it ?
where is harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban filmed ?
who plays chelsea's mom on young and the restless ?
when was the atomic bomb dropped on nagasaki japan ?
who played mary corleone in the godfather 3 ?
what is the most practiced religion in america ?
what part of florida is port canaveral located ?
how many albums has taylor swift sold overall ?
when was the last time the chicago white sox won a world series ?
gdp that has been adjusted for changes in the price level ?
who replaced ringo starr on thomas the tank engine ?
what is the main language spoken in fiji ?
who does will simpson became in jessica jones ?
vancouver’s cruise ship terminal is located in the city centre and is called ?
which category of drugs includes many substances that are chemically similar to neurotransmitters ?
where was season 4 of american horror story filmed ?
what was the highest number of u.s. soldiers in south vietnam at one time ?
who won the most nba finals in a row ?
who was the first prime minister of ethiopia ?
who plays dumbledore in the first harry potter ?
who is the actor who plays the beast in beauty and the beast ?
what is the most used word in written english ?
who was the artist that exported reggae to the mainstream world ?
how many times has new zealand won the rugby world cup ?
who was the movie white boy rick based off of ?
who sings the theme song to freaks and geeks ?
who sings the song she's a beauty ?
who said gratitude is the memory of the heart ?
who was married to each other in abba ?
who was the first writer of fiction in indian english literature ?
what song did paul anka write for buddy holly ?
when did the last starwars movie come out ?
what position did michael jordan play in the nba ?
who is the author of delta of venus ?
who was the only us president that was never elected either president or vice president ?
when did the cubs first win the world series ?
who won the 1963 little league world series ?
who's going to be the new president of mexico ?
where is the real we bought a zoo located ?
who is the actor who plays the good doctor on tv ?
who had the most influence over the japanese government by the mid 1930s ?
who won the state of colorado in the presidential election ?
what order do the air bud movies go in ?
actor who played gavin in gavin and stacey ?
who is jack in the box married to ?
who is the speaker of the house in the house of representatives ?
how many time zones does the united states have ?
who formed the assembly in greece which led to democracy ?
who plays the leprechaun in the leprechaun movie ?
what region is virginia in the united states ?
who was the host of the dating game ?
how many countries are there in central asia ?
when does the new stephen king it movie come out ?
who played in the world series in 1989 ?
what is the largest art museum in amsterdam ?
where was the movie conan the destroyer filmed ?
who did america fight with in world war 1 ?
where do the packers play their home games ?
who does the voice of barry on archer ?
where is the tv show get up filmed ?
who is the uk longest serving prime minister ?
what are the two main political parties in france ?
what is the system of measurement used in italy ?
who was the politician of pakistan who served as both governor general and prime minister ?
when did the first power rangers come out ?
who played spike in christmas with the kranks ?
who won the soccer world cup this year ?
the belief that god is in everything is called ?
what is the name of the international airport in the bahamas ?
who is the mother in how i met your mom ?
who starred in the film the jazz singer ?
who won the gold cup in cheltenham 2018 ?
what is the source of the yangtze river ?
what was the first war of the united states ?
who does ryan from million dollar listing work for ?
who was the first president killed in office ?
who played mrs. warren in the movie mclintock ?
who sang the song the winner takes it all ?
where did the austro prussian war take place ?
who is the writer of a century is not enough ?
what is the meaning of holy spirit in hebrew ?
who plays the bad guy in jumanji 2017 ?
where is the love it or list it filmed ?
which city of pakistan is called manchester of pakistan ?
how many episodes of csi miami are there ?
who plays mr selfridge in the hit series ?
when was the first harry potter book released ?
spain and portugal divide the world between them in ?
the frescos in the scrovegni chapel depict stories from ?
who is jennifer hudson's character in dreamgirls based on ?
when does the new jurrassic movie come out ?
when was the last episode of one tree hill aired ?
who has the most touchdown passes in the nfl history ?
who became president without winning the popular vote ?
who wrote the book the story of my life ?
who plays angie on the george lopez show ?
who wanted the catholic church to reform and address ?
steven universe how many episodes in season 1 ?
urdu is the official language of which state ?
who was involved in the moral reform movement ?
where is the bull run held in spain ?
who gained control of congress in the midterm elections in 1946 ?
when did miss usa last win miss universe ?
who played roo stewart in home and away ?
when did japan change the name of manchuria to manchukuo ?
who had the idea of the nobel peace prize ?
what kind of money does new zealand use ?
who is the most successful club in spain ?
who plays officer jacoby in the movie bright ?
red flag is the newspaper of which country ?
term of office judicial branch in the philippines ?
where was the battle of guilford courthouse fought ?
who wrote the lyrics of shape of you ?
when did martin luther king jr give his speach ?
when was the last super bowl the redskins won ?
what is the population of the state of kansas ?
who is commander of the national armed forces ?
who won the mayoral race in san antonio ?
who is the author of a long way gone ?
how many episodes of greys anatomy this season ?
where does the green river start in kentucky ?
who did stephen jackson win a ring with ?
what is the name of the train station in vienna ?
what percentage of alcohol does corona extra have ?
who is the actor who plays graham in emmerdale ?
who sang the national anthem at the super bowl 2013 ?
what do you call a native of los angeles ?
the united states senate represents which branch of government ?
what is the leader of a buddhist temple called ?
who played cody on the suite life of zack and cody ?
who has won the most golden boot awards ?
how many episodes in season 5 of the flash ?
​the authority of clerics in the iranian theocratic political system comes from ?
when did louis armstrong sing what a wonderful world ?
when did the white house move to dc ?
what was the name of captain phillip's ship ?
what states border lake ontario to the south ?
when is the new blade runner movie coming out ?
in what order did the pirates of the caribbean movies come out ?
when did man utd win the champions league ?
where did switzerland come in the last world cup ?
who inspired berlioz to compose his symphonie fantastique ?
what is the most eastern point in the united states ?
when did sutton coldfield become part of birmingham ?
which is the oldest river in the world ?
where did they film ninja warrior in australia ?
during the 1920s the presidency and congress were dominated by what political party ?
when did the movie my girl come out ?
when was laura ingalls wilder first book published ?
who played michael myers in the original halloween ?
who is the actress who plays estelle on friends ?
where was the lion the witch and the wardrobe first published ?
the colorado plateau covers northern new mexico and what other state ?
who wrote the rolling stones song sympathy for the devil ?
when is the last time the dodger won the world series ?
which is the largest island of the caribbean ?
where does the army get its money from ?
when did the berlin wall start to come down ?
when was taylor swift's first album released ?
who is the minister of finance in south africa ?
when was the last time the atlanta braves won the world series ?
who played lois lane in the superman movies ?
who did patriots play last year in the super bowl ?
who does the monday night football song now ?
when did the nba make players go to college ?
what does graduating with first class honours mean ?
what does ibu stand for in beer making ?
who won the space race to the moon ?
when did the giants come to san francisco ?
when did east germany and west germany unite ?
who sings the theme song for miami vice ?
who came up with the pledge of allegiance ?
when did michael jordan come into the league ?
what was bill cosby's job in the cosby show ?
what type of spanish do they speak in puerto rico ?
who owns trump international hotel in las vegas ?
who wrote the national anthem for the united states of america ?
who won the most grammy awards this year ?
who created the bank of the united states ?
who was the only president buried in washington dc ?
what is the legal drinking age in turkey ?
what part of spain is the basque region ?
what movie is the song new soul in ?
who sang the song what becomes of the broken hearted ?
what is the name of sierra leone president ?
who is the head coach of chicago bears ?
who played thade in planet of the apes ?
how many states are within germany’s borders ?
how many countries are the members of u.n. general assembly ?
when did hannah montana the movie come out ?
where is the headquarters of asian infrastructure investment bank ?
which zone of nepal touch the border of india and china ?
when was tallahassee chosen to be the capital of florida ?
who plays larry in series of unfortunate events ?
what world cup team does renaldo play for ?
who is ben married to from pickler and ben ?
what tribes were part of the iroquois confederacy ?
name the books in which the rules made for the buddhist sangha were written down ?
who wrote the song in the living years ?
what is the largest denomination of us currency ?
what is the second largest country in south asia ?
which president have nominated the most supreme court justices ?
when did the royal family adopt the name windsor ?
when did the wild card start in mlb ?
what kind of money is used in kuala lumpur ?
who was george in the erin brockovich movie ?
when did the battle of the boyne happen ?
what type of goverment does united kingdom have ?
name of the actress that plays jessica jones ?
when was the first sex and the city movie made ?
who plays bruce wayne in the show gotham ?
how many seats are there in the legislative assembly of ontario ?
where did the battle of fort sumter happen ?
where did the giants baseball team play in ny ?
who played alex drake on pretty little liars ?
how many first team all defense does lebron james have ?
when did world war 2 end in japan ?
what is the national language of saudi arabia ?
who is the actor who plays david budd ?
where is the bridge that turns into a tunnel ?
when did indianapolis become the capital of indiana ?
who plays james corden's sister in gavin and stacey ?
who plays mr. brown on meet the browns ?
where was the dictator of north korea educated ?
how many states do we have in the united states of america ?
who is the current commander in chief of the armed forces ?
where was the volturi scene filmed in italy ?
how long did it take the cubs to win a world series ?
what is the name of the governor of lagos state ?
when was the da vinci surgical system created ?
union generals civil war army of the potomac ?
who played floyd talbert in band of brothers ?
who has reached the summit of mount everest the most ?
what are the names of the austin powers movies ?
powers of the national government stated in the u.s. constitution are called ?
who plays richard webber on grey's anatomy ?
who sings the theme song for family matters ?
who is the current leader of saudi arabia ?
which civilizations developed in the fertile valley between the tigris and euphrates rivers ?
who does betty white play in pound puppies ?
who won between john cena and the rock ?
who did tim allen play in toy story ?
when was the last time new york yankees won the world series ?
who's won the most oscars for best actor ?
how many runways are there at gatwick airport ?
konkani language belongs to which part of india ?
who played whitney houston sister in the bodyguard ?
what place are the new york jets in ?
who is running for attorney general in illinois ?
who wrote the lyrics to georgia on my mind ?
cast of movie student of the year 2 ?
who plays connor rhodes in fate of the furious ?
who played peter pan in the original movie ?
what is the bird emblem of the northern territory ?
who played diane dane in that thing you do ?
where is the high court of australia located ?
when was the american federation of labor founded ?
as caesar is stabbed who says et tu brute ?
when was a star is born made with barbra streisand ?
who becomes the president after the president is impeached ?
what is the capital state of new jersey ?
where did lorelai gilmore go to high school ?
what is the size of the us armed forces ?
who represents washington's 1st district house of representatives ?
who made the album to pimp a butterfly ?
who was the captain of the queen mary ?
who is the most recently-appointed supreme court justice ?
which nfl team has the most super bowls ?
what province in canada has tried to gain independence due to cultural differences ?
what teams are in the atlantic sun conference ?
who wrote the poem the rose that grew from concrete ?
when was the fall of the house of usher written ?
who plays murray's dad on the goldbergs ?
when did newspapers peak as a mass medium ?
who played for the boston milwaukee and atlanta braves ?
states in the northeast region of the us ?
where did val kilmer go to high school ?
who played malfoy in the harry potter movies ?
what is the original voice of mickey mouse ?
when was the earliest new testament book written ?
who played jillson on the joey bishop show ?
when did hungary became part of the eu ?
who did the phillies beat in the 2008 world series ?
who sings waiting for the world to change ?
when did the movie the giver come out ?
who was the secretary general of the united nations ?
who plays nick on the young and the restless ?
who comprised a third of brazil's european immigrant population ?
when is the new mary poppins movie released ?
who is the education minister of himachal pradesh ?
who is the book of romans written to ?
who did luke perry play in the fifth element ?
who wrote the book entitled the history of hindu chemistry ?
who sings the song where have you been ?
who played in the movie a star is born with judy garland ?
where would practitioners of judaism conduct their religious services today ?
what kind of book is the invisible man ?
when do the trade winds blow in hawaii ?
when was the last time the washington redskins won their division ?
when will agents of shield season 4 be released on dvd ?
who wrote the song you do something to me ?
eid mubarak what does it mean in english ?
who has been appointed as the new governor of usa central bank federal reserve ?
which type of english is spoken in india ?
who did 49ers play in last super bowl ?
when did jerusalem become the capital city of the hebrews ?
when was the first self driving tesla made ?
what is the meaning of the name giovanni ?
how many games did okc win last year ?
who called for the constitutional convention to be held ?
who sang wish you were here pink floyd ?
where was the movie once upon a time in mexico filmed ?
what is the city in italy that is under water ?
what percentage of the yankees do the steinbrenners own ?
who is the movie the vow based on ?
who played boo radley in the movie to kill a mockingbird ?
who is ben's dad in descendants 2 ?
what is the primary language of latin america ?
who wrote the speech in the great dictator ?
where does pacific time change to mountain time ?
which country has the largest number of muslim ?
who played the girl in karate kid 3 ?
who was prime minister of canada in 1965 ?
how many teams make the playoffs in the nba ?
who wrote the national anthem of the united states of america ?
when did the dutch arrived in south africa ?
where was the first factory built in the world ?
who was president when the bombs were dropped on japan ?
the source of authority cited by the supreme court for applying the bill of rights to the states ?
over which bridge is the london marathon run ?
when was the director of national intelligence created ?
where does the owner of papa john's live ?
who killed the governor in the walking dead ?
who owns the member banks of the federal reserve ?
when did the united states enter world war ii in europe ?
who played wonder woman in the 70s tv show ?
what do they fall into on ellens game show ?
when did the battle of el alamein take place ?
when have the cubs won the world series ?
greenland is considered part of north america. which country claims greenland ?
who won emmy for best daytime talk show ?
when did mcdonald's start serving filet o fish ?
who wrote you belong to me taylor swift ?
where did the idea of free speech come from ?
where did the last name ellison originate from ?
who did the warriors play last year in the finals ?
the direct election of senators was established by ?
what breed of dog does president obama have ?
who wrote the passion of ss perpetua and felicitas ?
what was the result of the gallipoli campaign ?
what is the us national debt to gdp ?
where did the hebrews settled after the exodus ?
which river is also known as the sun's daughter ?
when was the colosseum in rome italy built ?
where are the san diego chargers playing football ?
who created the cave paintings of altamira spain ?
who was the president that served the shortest term ?
when does the academic year start in malaysia ?
which party was in power in u.k. when india became independent ?
who does melissa george play in greys anatomy ?
who is the head coach of ole miss football ?
where did scottie pippen play college basketball at ?
last time a canadian team made the stanley cup finals ?
what is the weather like in san diego year round ?
who played michael jordan in the michael jordan movie ?
what is the name given to the german parliament ?
what canadian network is a million little things on ?
who controlled panama before the us stepped in ?
which european countries originally had settlements in virginia ?
who plays nikki in season 1 of blue bloods ?
what country in europe has the largest population ?
who was the capital of the byzantine empire named after ?
who was the last president to get assassinated ?
when did the nashville predators come to nashville ?
what soviet organization was created in response to the north atlantic treaty organization ?
what side did the ottoman empire join in ww1 ?
where is the redwood national park located in california ?
golden state warriors new arena in san francisco ?
when does the big sick movie come out ?
when did the flames win the stanley cup ?
who is the actor who plays ross poldark ?
what is the name of world war 1 ?
9 supreme court justices of the united states ?
who played dr. smith on lost in space ?
who plays janet in the rocky horror picture show ?
who are the 4 us house of representatives for the state of iowa ?
when was the amrit bazar patrika started in bangalore ?
what does beyond the pale mean in ireland ?
when's the last time the angels won the world series ?
when does ziva come back to ncis season 7 ?
when did the movie mom and dad come out ?
when did the first lotr movie come out ?
who plays captain kirk in new star trek ?
what country do i live in if i live in california ?
where are the badlands located in north dakota ?
where does eastern time zone change to central ?
which is the state flower of himachal pradesh ?
when was the mission san francisco de asis founded ?
who established mission san francisco de la espada ?
who played the angel in angels in the outfield ?
who played the creature in the movie predator ?
who won the oscar for dallas buyers club ?
who was the leader who wanted to unify germany (prussia) ?
what is the northern most state in the us ?
when did the movie the time machine come out ?
movie about frankie valli and the four seasons ?
where was the movie whisky tango foxtrot filmed ?
who wrote the book art of the deal ?
what is the name of national flag of india ?
who won the national league west this year ?
who wrote the patriotic song qadam qadam bhadaye ja ?
commander of the american and filipino forces in bataan ?
what state is area code 978 in usa ?
what is the full name of president of nigeria ?
when was the first curious george book published ?
who played paul in paul apostle of christ ?
how much super bowls did the new york giants win ?
what team does ronaldo play for in the world cup ?
who is the head of government of suriname ?
who developed and patented the electrical telegraph in the united states in 1837 ?
who played george mcmichael on the real mccoys ?
who plays tammy 2 on parks and rec ?
what airport does porter fly to in toronto ?
who does the england goalkeeper pickford play for ?
when was the university of north carolina founded ?
who does victoria justice play in zoey 101 ?
what is the name of the river in salzburg austria ?
who plays young bilbo baggins in lord of the rings ?
theme of the book harry potter the series ?
which artistic movements were impacted by theories of the unconscious ?
where does south africa's water come from ?
what does an upside question mark mean in spanish ?
what percentage of nhl hockey players are canadian ?
what film is the song my guy in ?
when did verizon center become capital one arena ?
who is the current attorney general of illinois ?
who are the actors in ncis new orleans ?
who is the current leader of the philippines ?
what are the major sectors that make up the u.s. economy ?
who was elected as british prime minister in 1945 ?
what is the name of the southernmost country in africa ?
when did the indianapolis colts become a team ?
who does matt bomer play in ahs hotel ?
where is zion williams going to play college basketball ?
who played audra barkley in the big valley ?
when did louis armstrong record la vie en rose ?
what is the second largest island in greece ?
when was the hound of the baskervilles published ?
what does the name aria mean in hebrew ?
where is the serengeti plain located in africa ?
when was the last time kobe bryant won a championship ?
who is the president of miami dade college ?
when is the state of he union address ?
who does barry allen marry in the flash comics ?
who played chelsea on young and the restless ?
when did aaron judge make his mlb debut ?
where does the mouth of the mississippi river start ?
who's the owner of the cleveland browns ?
where does the royal family live in denmark ?
who plays mark wahlberg's daughter in transformers 4 ?
what was the purpose of the roman colosseum ?
who is david's dad in the bible ?
who plays julia roberts sister in something to talk about ?
what bible version does the catholic church use ?
where do the uk get their oil from ?
who claimed vietnam before they gained their independence ?
what was the name of the newspaper frederick douglass wrote ?
who played melinda gordon's mother on ghost whisperer ?
which countries remained under soviet control after ww2 ?
who is the former president of south korea ?
who did the marlins play in the world series ?
who was the first president of united state of america ?
what is the capital of trinidad and tobago ?
where is the tallest skyscraper in the world located ?
meaning of the moon and star in islam ?
who played chewbacca in the original star wars movies ?
who did drake feature in in my feelings ?
legends of tomorrow season 3 no of episodes ?
who wrote the book the wizard of oz ?
who issues currency notes and coins in india ?
when was lou seal first introduced as the giants mascot ?
2. how many nation-states are currently recognised as members of the united nations ?
who was the first latin american baseball player voted into the baseball hall of fame ?
who was the actress that played aunt bea ?
when did the pittsburgh steelers win their first super bowl ?
drug controller general of india under which ministry ?
who played billy on who's the boss ?
who is the quarter back for the atlanta falcons ?
when did the last saw movie come out ?
who did angela lonsdale play in coronation street ?
who won icc t 20 world cup 2016 ?
who wrote the song to where you are ?
who is the actor who plays jake sully in avatar ?
who established an experimental farm at mount vernon ?
where did jay cutler play before the bears ?
when was the last star trek movie released ?
where is north america located on the map ?
who does lemon marry in hart of dixie ?
what country has the largest number of english speakers ?
who played the original emperor in empire strikes back ?
what bible translation does the orthodox church use ?
who wrote brut and what is the poem about ?
who did pennsylvania fight for in the civil war ?
what is the second largest economy in europe ?
when did stephen curry get drafted to the nba ?
who was the last oriole pitcher to win the cy young award ?
where was friday night lights filmed tv show ?
who won the most valuable player in super bowl 52 ?
where do the atlanta braves play home games ?
what is the approximate population of new zealand ?
what is the political system that the united states follows in regards to elections ?
who owns the tampa bay lightning hockey team ?
who played young charles on little house on the prairie ?
what is the origin of the coptic language ?
when do barney and robin first get together ?
the beatles were originally influenced by what style of music ?
who played jamie scott in one tree hill ?
who plays diana in the movie lights out ?
where is the story of sarah found in the bible ?
who was involved in the soviet invasion of afghanistan ?
who plays emma from once upon a time ?
which character of spenser represents queen mary of scots ?
who's running for governor for the state of ohio ?
what is the meaning of kapur in english ?
who has the most receiving touchdowns in the nfl ?
who plays the asian girl in deadpool 2 ?
who was president when the civil war started ?
how many numbers are there in a spanish phone number ?
who did ted ginn jr play for last year ?
who is the actress who plays v on shameless ?
how far is atlanta ga from athens ga ?
when does spiderman homecomimg come out on dvd ?
who was the band that played in roadhouse ?
who played william seward in the movie lincoln ?
fall out boy music video with kim kardashian ?
when was the last time the leafs made playoffs ?
who designed the creature from the black lagoon ?
which is the richest country in middle east ?
when was the last time the chicago bears won a championship ?
when did us capitol moved to washington dc ?
where does the visiting team sit in baseball ?
what city would you visit to see canada’s parliament buildings ?
number of movies released per year in india ?
when does charlie puth's album come out ?
what type of government does myanmar have today ?
who played aunt rose in the krays film ?
who is the largest cable company in the us ?
who plays the role of hermione granger in harry potter ?
how many presidents have there been in the philippines ?
who was the actress that played rizzo in grease ?
who elects the non-permanent members of the united nations security council ?
who played malcolm x in the movie selma ?
what year did the lightning win the stanley cup ?
when was the last time an incumbent president lost ?
where was the world war 2 peace treaty signed ?
who played ellery queen in the tv series ?
what is another name for the prime meridian ?
who did the soundtrack for beverly hills cop ?
who sings with shania twain on from this moment ?
who played lois lane in the original superman movies ?
where does the name cabela's come from ?
who is the actor that plays eric in true blood ?
the head of a college of education is called ?
who plays ray in star wars the last jedi ?
who played the daughter in father knows best ?
who is the constitutional leader of the united states house of representatives ?
how many islands are in the hawaiian chain ?
which country has the largest population in africa ?
vietnam was a colony of what country prior to ww2 ?
who did the pacers take in the nba draft ?
how many official languages are listed in the constitution of india ?
who did chris paul used to play for ?
who is clinton street in chicago named after ?
who is the actress that plays renesmee in breaking dawn ?
what is the pterodactyls name in land before time ?
what is the pyramid building in san francisco ?
who does jennifer lawrence play in the hunger games ?
where is the country of holy see located ?
what's the difference between a black russian and a white russian ?
who did thomas sangster play in star wars ?
who was president of the united states immediately following world war i ?
who won popular vote in 2008 presidential election ?
who plays mcgarrett's girlfriend on hawaii five o ?
who won last year’s timico cheltenham gold cup ?
what types of literature are in the bible ?
who is the current coach of the cleveland browns ?
what is the capital of azerbaijan in europe ?
who played boss hogg on the dukes of hazzard ?
who was the last us president born in the 19th century ?
who appoints members to the us supreme court ?
who did the singing in the movie what's love got to do with it ?
when was the office of homeland security created ?
what does lance bass do for a living ?
2 countries that make up the british isles ?
who played sir robin in the holy grail ?
who was the first governor of the state of missouri ?
where was rooster cogburn with john wayne filmed ?
what is the term for a state containing several countries or territories ?
who does the voice of chucky in seed of chucky ?
who voiced pinocchio in disney's 1940 movie of the same name ?
who played diana in the movie lights out ?
who is the ncaa coach of the year ?
when was the forst harry potter book published ?
maratha kingdom was located in which part of india ?
what movie did natalie portman win an oscar for ?
which german state benefited most from the territorial changes made by the congress of vienna ?
who won the second game of the stanley cup finals ?
what is the range of air force one ?
who plays dawn in nicky ricky dicky & dawn ?
who was the supreme commander of the western allied forces in europe ?
who wrote the poem death be not proud ?
what language do they speak in the country of georgia ?
where is the headquarters of world bank situated ?
who died of cancer in home and away ?
when did they start televising the nfl draft ?
who plays liam spencer on bold and the beautiful ?
what episode does reid get caught with drugs ?
when did christianity become the roman empire official religion ?
nba players who won mvp as a rookie ?
what was the first state in the united states of america ?
when does the next maze runner movie come out ?
who led the ussr during the cuban missile crisis ?
how many world series wins does boston have ?
what is the name of the country where chileans live ?
what county is jersey city nj located in ?
when was the last time the raiders went to the playoffs ?
who does the voice of randy on south park ?
who plays the first regular season nfl game ?
mystery writers award named after american writer and poet crossword ?
who is the reigning monarch of the netherlands ?
who played fred claus in the 2007 film ?
what year did the movie lincoln come out ?
how many parts are there in harry potter series ?
who is the republican whip in the senate ?
who was president when the afghanistan war started ?
who are the actors that have played james bond ?
who did meg griffin voice in season 1 ?
which fast and furious movies is han in ?
who has won the world series two years in a row ?
what is the airport for cabo san lucas mexico ?
when was the ballpark in arlington tx built ?
who is el senor de los cielos based on ?
where does the last name harris originate from ?
who plays jim royle in the royal family ?
who is the author of the book cold war ?
what are the denominations of the euro bill ?
where does the phrase sam hill come from ?
who plays angelo sorrento in switched at birth ?
who is the actor that plays steve mcgarrett ?
nota option was first used in the election in which year ?
who did michael oher play for in the nfl ?
where are the olympics located in south korea ?
who is the vise president of united states ?
identify the center in the universe model copernicus ?
who was prime minister when the queen was crowned ?
how many teams are in stanley cup playoffs ?
what do you call someone from guinea bissau ?
who gets married in think like a man 2 ?
what is the name of the bird on the guatemala flag ?
what are three main sources of income for cuba ?
who wrote make you feel my love lyrics ?
who is the us ambassador to the czech republic ?
who is the head of government in austria ?
who played richard de vere in to the manor born ?
what is the country with the largest muslim population ?
who appoints the governor of state in india ?
when did hurricane irene hit the united states ?
when did mulk raj anand get sahitya academy award ?
where was the movie the princess bride filmed ?
word for someone who needs to be in control ?
when does andi mack season 2 episode 24 come out ?
who was the president of usa in 2005 ?
who fought against the british in the american revolution ?
who is the author of the buried giant ?
in which group is mexico in the world cup ?
venice the city of canals is famous for its boats called ?
what is the official language spoken in thailand ?
where did the 2006 world cup take place ?
is death note on netflix a series or movie ?
where is hungary located in the world map ?
where did the dakota tribe live in minnesota ?
which indian actor has won the most national awards ?
what airlines fly into salt lake city airport ?
what is the average summer temperature in missouri ?
who played nancy mcnally on the west wing ?
who came up with the idea for the voice ?
guns n roses who is in the band ?
who is the current us supreme court chief justice ?
where did they film the assasination of gianni versace ?
what is the capital of the central american country that has a canal running through it ?
who is the commissioner of police in jamaica 2018 ?
what is the strait between the black sea and the sea of marmara ?
who is the republican candidate for florida governor ?
who is the main character of despicable me ?
which british prime minister declared war on germany ?
when was the presidential line of succession created ?
when did montpelier become the capital of vermont ?
who won the gold medal in commonwealth games2018 badminton womens singles ?
where do the kansas and missouri rivers meet ?
who plays cole's mother in the affair ?
who did the raiders pick in the supplemental draft ?
the country where the headquarters of the united nations is located ?
when did the war in vietnam take place ?
who is jerome avenue in the bronx named after ?
who played the nurse on marcus welby md ?
where was the movie birth of a nation filmed ?
when did the first star wats movie come out ?
where is south korea located in the world ?
who is the house of representatives led by ?
who sings with patrick swayze on she's like the wind ?
who would take over if the president dies ?
when was a tale of two cities published ?
who sings the song i can dream about you ?
who is considered to be a founder of three major monotheistic religions ?
what type of government did soviet union have during ww2 ?
what is the most spoken language in mexico ?
how many countries make up the united nation ?
who was the first chairman of the federal reserve ?
what is the largest national park in alaska ?
who dies in twilight breaking dawn part 2 movie ?
who came up with mcdonalds im lovin it ?
how many employees does starbucks have in the us ?
who does floyd the trucker on bob and tom ?
who does barry allen marry in the flash ?
when did loyola chicago win a national championship ?
what does a peace sign mean in england ?
who wrote the book journey to the center of the earth ?
who does the voice for lois in family guy ?
what political party do both of new mexico's senators belong to ?
who played jimmy hoffa in the movie hoffa ?
who is known as the father of taxonomy ?
when did the wheel of time series start ?
when are hominids now thought to have differentiated from the ancestors shared with the african apes ?
who plays aladdin on once upon a time ?
when did the pittsburgh penguins become a team ?
who played melissa mccarthy's daughter in life of the party ?
who sings pink floyd wish you were here ?
which country set up most of latin american colonies ?
when did cristiano ronaldo sign for manchester united ?
how many different colours are on the south african flag ?
the spartan constitution contained which element(s) of government ?
what does the prefix von mean in german ?
who played maxwell on saved by the bell ?
who was the redskins quarterback when they won the superbowl ?
who played richard kimble in the tv series the fugitive ?
who played quasimodo in the hunchback of notre dame ?
when did sacramento become the state capital of california ?
who played el guapo in the three amigos ?
when did usa get involved in vietnam war ?
who did ohio state play in the 2014 national championship ?
when did the movie the siege come out ?
what is the total population of new zealand ?
where is the central food technology research institute situated ?
who plays del boy in rock and chips ?
who were the founding fathers of new york ?
when did south africa change from pounds to rands ?
where does stanford play their home football games ?
who wrote its gonna take a miracle ?
who played bosley in charlie's angels movie ?
who is the actress that plays michonne on the walking dead ?
who was the 1st president of the us ?
where was the movie it's complicated filmed ?
what city was the center of imperial life in the roman empire in the early fifth century ?
who plays betty cooper's dad in riverdale ?
who plays stewart's girlfriend on big bang ?
who was executed by the british for being an american spy during the revolution ?
who won the battle of chancellorsville in the civil war ?
eastern most point in the continental united states ?
who plays dewey finn in school of rock broadway ?
what does it say on the brazilian flag in english ?
when did team nz first win the america's cup ?
when does leia find out darth vader is her father ?
how to call a toll free number from uk ?
is the governor of california democrat or republican ?
who has more trophies liverpool or man utd ?
what is the name of the president of trinidad and tobago ?
who won the football world cup in 2002 ?
who plays claire in the time traveler's wife ?
what type of arabic is spoken in palestine ?
how many teams in the nhl are canadian ?
who was longest serving prime minister of india ?
what year did ac dc release their first album ?
who is the deputy prime minister of the bahamas ?
who is the medium tv show based on ?
who is the author of the message bible ?
who was the president during the great depresion ?
when did bucks fizz win the eurovision song contest ?
how many football teams are there in france ?
where did the french king live before versailles ?
what type of spanish is spoken in the canary islands ?
when was the first amusement park built in the us ?
how many nba games in a season per team ?
who is in the guns and roses band ?
what are the house names in harry potter ?
how many films are there of the hobbit ?
when was the lion the witch and the wardrobe first written ?
when did the war in north africa start ?
when did the patriots win their first super bowl ?
which country in europe recently voted to leave the european union ?
who plays elizabeth's grandmother in the crown ?
what was the original name of the cape of good hope ?
berlin dada artists created a variation on collage called ?
who played arthur in legend of the sword ?
when did the last underworld movie come out ?
who starred in the movie scent of a woman ?
how many senators are there in the philippines ?
who did houston play in 2005 world series ?
who were the first family to be recognized as emperors of japan ?
what movie did john wayne get an oscar for ?
when did the mary poppins movie come out ?
what is the oldest football team in america ?
which two states in the united states of america are not connected to the other 48 states ?
how many union soldiers died at the battle of gettysburg ?
who is the owner of fana broadcasting corporate ?
who has won the 2017 man booker internation prize ?
when was kobe bryant drafted into the nba ?
who plays obi wan kenobi in a new hope ?
who is the raven in the poem the raven ?
when did cristiano ronaldo started playing for portugal ?
where is the lost city of petra located ?
when did concord become the capital of new hampshire ?
who plays spider man in the amazing spider man ?
when is steven universe season 5 episode 11 coming out ?
when did the us capitol moved to washington dc ?
when did most of the land called palestine became the country of israel ?
who is the head coach of the minnesota timberwolves ?
what native american tribe lived in the grand canyon ?
where did they film death comes to pemberley ?
who wrote the libretto for dido and aeneas ?
who has the most aircraft in the world ?
how many seats are there in parliament nz ?
when was the last time celtics won a championship ?
where are the broadway theatres located in new york city ?
when did charles dickens publish a christmas carol ?
is the governor of illinois a democrat or a republican ?
who is the artist that sings i can only imagine ?
who is the attorney general of the state of new york ?
how far is ames iowa from des moines iowa ?
who is the actor who plays father brown ?
who discovered the magnetic field of electric current ?
who is leading the world series in baseball ?
who is the top selling author of all time ?
when did calgary stampeders win the grey cup ?
when did selena gomez first appear on tv ?
who is the head of state of dominica ?
who played hercules in jason and the argonauts ?
what kind of flower is the fleur de lis ?
what is the sequel to the wizard of oz ?
where does by the shores of silver lake take place ?
what part of new york is rochester in ?
when will fifty shades freed movie be released ?
what country has a white flag with blue cross ?
what is the origin of the name benjamin ?
who plays the voice of sully in monsters inc ?
who plays tia dalma in pirates of the caribbean ?
who is the constitutional presiding officer of the senate ?
who does brad pitt play in war machine ?
in which country is the resort of grindelwald ?
if someone is welsh where are they from ?
where is yankee stadium located in new york ?
texas a m university is in which city ?
who is the most spoken language in the world ?
where did the vietnam war mainly take place ?
when did steph curry get drafted into the nba ?
what channel is the wnba all star game on ?
where did the new york giants first play ?
when did the currency of botswana came in circulation ?
where is the most wine produced in the us ?
what are the names of donald duck's nephews ?
who is the starting quarterback for the miami dolphins this year ?
who directed harry potter and the order of the phoenix ?
who was on the throne when macbeth was written ?
who played clair huxtable's parents on the cosby show ?
who is the starting kicker for the atlanta falcons ?
who are the owners of the chicago white sox ?
which episode of the office did jj abrams direct ?
how many chinese letters are in the alphabet ?
when was the last time the eagles won a championship ?
who starred in the movie mackenna's gold ?
where is olympics 2020 going to be held ?
how many episodes of cowboy bebop is there ?
who served as 'viceroy'in india during british rule ?
where did the london bridge get moved to ?
what is the name of america capital city ?
who is the united states secretary of education ?
when was the last time the houston rockets made the nba finals ?
hindi is a national language or official language ?
where was the first primark store in england ?
who was the first african amercian woman to be crowned miss america ?
who is the actor playing terry on general hospital ?
who is the current minister of foreign affairs in zambia ?
what year is the show frontier set in ?
where do the new york mets play their home games ?
what is the name of camilas current album ?
how many goals has sergio agüero scored in the premier league ?
when does the show stranger things take place ?
who plays claire's mom on modern family ?
when was the last minority government in canada ?
what is the name of the washington dc baseball team ?
when was dream a little dream of me written ?
when did donald trump first appear on tv ?
where does the book of proverbs come from ?
who has won the most consecutive world series ?
who said i've always depended on the kindness of strangers ?
where does the eastern time zone change in tennessee ?
what sea is between new zealand and australia ?
who played marty on one life to live ?
which country was the dominant power in europe following the seven years' war ?
who was the queen of england married to ?
who is the actor that plays richard castle ?
who plays the knight in night at the museum 3 ?
where is the african cup of nations being held ?
who is the democrat running for governor in florida ?
who played celeborn in lord of the rings ?
who played the grandfather in willy wonka and the chocolate factory ?
who played lionel on all in the family ?
who did elton john write candle in the wind for ?
when does george omalley die in greys anatomy ?
who is the starting qb for the chiefs ?
when did the philadelphia flyers win the stanley cup ?
who did mr drummond marry on diff'rent strokes ?
what states plan created the house of representatives ?
who does julia roberts play in oceans 11 ?
college that has produced the most nfl quarterbacks ?
how many times have the la kings won the stanley cup ?
who is the backup leader of the senate ?
singer of can you feel the love tonight ?
why is the us canada's largest trading partner ?
how many goals did didier drogba scored for chelsea fc ?
who wrote the words to land of hope and glory ?
how many seasons were the sopranos on tv ?
who did the massachusetts bay colony trade with ?
when did the us become involved in the vietnam war ?
who led the invasion of iraq in 2003 ?
who plays kim fox's husband in eastenders ?
who gets married in sex and the city 2 ?
who played the original tarzan in the tv series ?
who starred in a tale of two cities ?
who won the republican nomination for governor in idaho ?
who owned nevada before it became a state ?
when does andi mack season 2 come out ?
how many senators are there in washington state ?
what is the main religion in south korea ?
what country does the equator pass through in south america ?
who wrote the song the shape of you ?
who played muhammad ali in the movie ali ?
where does the movie big night take place ?
who was the social psychology professor at yale who designed ?
who has won the most album of the year grammys ?
what side of the road to they drive on in australia ?
who was the original voice for micky mouse ?
what mountain range in russia separates europe from asia ?
where does the movie home alone take place ?
what was the capital of massachusetts in colonial times ?
when did mary did you know come out ?
which was the first indian state to establish the institution of lokayukta ?
who takes the vice president's place in senate ?
who sings the song i belong to you ?
when did they film season 2 of stranger things ?
how many episodes in ncis new orleans season 3 ?
who played agathe in beauty and the beast ?
is papua new guinea in asia or oceania ?
what name is given to the series of roads used by communist forces during the vietnam war ?
who played jesus in the movie mary magdalene ?
who was the queen of england in 1890 ?
who played willy wonka in willy wonka and the chocolate factory ?
who did russell crowe play in les mis ?
what is the name of the chicago airport ?
who won the australian open men's final ?
who wrote the song out in the country ?
from which latin word is the term state originated ?
what movie is the song hold on by wilson phillips in ?
when did telenet launched its first telecom products ?
when did pablo sandoval go back to the giants ?
who is playing quarterback for the new york giants ?
hawaii is in what region of the us ?
actor who played ben on parks and recreation ?
when did the broncos win their last super bowl ?
what is the county for colorado springs co ?
when does the time change to central time ?
where is the assiniboine river located in canada ?
who wore number 23 for the miami heat ?
what's the most used language in the world ?
what does it mean by god's glory ?
what part of new york is coney island ?
what is the meaning of samar in hindi ?
what is the name of the deity for hinduism ?
who is in charge of appointing or electing senators ?
what was the last movie that clint eastwood starred in ?
what was the capital of north vietnam in the mid 1950s ?
who played wonder woman's mother in new movie ?
who played the artful dodger in the movie oliver ?
muzon san jose del monte bulacan zip code ?
who won season 10 dancing with the stars ?
who played jessica buchanan on one life to live ?
what is the name of china's currency ?
who plays ben weston on days of our lives ?
who played quincy's wife in the last ship ?
who played jack horn in the magnificent seven ?
native american religions were closely linked to what ?
who served as president of the united states from 1901 to 1909 ?
what were the names of the 3 wise kings ?
when did the original willy wonka come out ?
who succeeds the president if he is impeached ?
who played hannibal smith in the a team ?
who plays john rayburn's wife on bloodline ?
who played michael jackson in the jackson 5 american dream ?
who is luke morgan married to in hollyoaks ?
where does porter airlines fly out of in toronto ?
who was the first president of ivory coast ?
where did the battle of san juan hill take place ?
when did the currency of botswana first came in circulation ?
when did the first torch relay take place ?
when is star wars land opening in hollywood studios ?
when was the ottoman empire founded and when did it end ?
who plays barney's sister on how i met your mother ?
who wrote the music for land of hope and glory ?
who played with rod stewart on maggie may ?
who owns the st paul saints baseball team ?
where is west shamokin high school in pa ?
where was beauty and the beast tv show filmed ?
movie dawn of the planet of the apes cast ?
when is the last time the sacramento kings made the playoffs ?
what percentage of the world's population is asian ?
who played lindsay in season 4 arrested development ?
what is jason's last name in the lost hero ?
what is the postal code of pakistan swabi ?
who plays steffy forrester on the bold and beautiful ?
who played winnie cooper in the wonder years ?
who sang the original winnie the pooh theme song ?
who served as the foundation for wundts work ?
who was considered chief among the greek gods ?
who played the female lead role in rosemary's baby ?
where is the head office of international labour organisation situated ?
who purchased the land for masjid e nabwi ?
of which religion is the avesta a sacred book ?
when did new york giants move to san francisco ?
who does michelle pfeiffer play in ant man ?
where does the mohawk river meet the hudson river ?
where is the golden state warriors located at ?
who does michael mcelhatton play in justice league ?
who has the most finals mvps in nba history ?
who plays the voice of mufasa in lion king ?
where is rarotonga located on the world map ?
how many countries are there in northern america ?
when did michael jackson start his solo career ?
monetary system in which paper money and coins have the value of certain amounts of gold ?
where was the world cup held in 2006 ?
when was the union of south africa formed ?
who played big rhonda on that 70's show ?
who is the presiding officer in the georgia senate ?
novelist who wrote the tale about george and lennie ?
when did italy become a single unified country ?
who dies first in the movie the bucket list ?
when did the movie 48 hours come out ?
who wrote king arthur legend of the sword ?
who is the drummer for the dave matthews band ?
when does the my hero movie come out in america ?
who does the voice of lisa on the simpsons ?
who did the know nothing party appeal to ?
when was the capital moved to washington dc ?
where does the funding for public colleges come from ?
what island is haiti and the dominican republic on ?
how many episodes has there been of coronation street ?
how many episodes are there of the vampire diaries ?
how many games did the red sox win in a row ?
who has the worst overall record in the nfl ?
when was thaba nchu established as a settlement ?
when was the first book published in the world ?
who played mackenzie browning on young and the restless ?
who played bob ewell in to kill a mockingbird ?
what’s canada’s multicultural identity described as ?
who plays zach in the big bang theory ?
who was the 37 president of the united states ?
what order do the naruto shippuden movies go in ?
who played stephen hawking's in the theory of everything ?
how old is the kid that plays bruce wayne on gotham ?
who won mvp of the celebrity all star game ?
what do you call someone from czech republic ?
who was the first artist signed to bad boy records ?
what movie is the song feels like home in ?
where does the last name sequeira come from ?
what county is pt st lucie florida in ?
eritrea is a country located in one of these continents of the world ?
who is running for mayor in new york city ?
who did chris sullivan play in guardians of the galaxy 2 ?
how many films did daniel craig made as james bond ?
what is the high school in riverdale called ?
chile is an example of what kind of state ?
how many starbucks stores are in the world ?
when was the permanent settlement introduced in india ?
where is tomorrow where the war began filmed ?
who plays bruce willis wife in death wish ?
when did scotland become part of great britain ?
who plays mike in i can only imagine ?
who plays dave coaches in gavin and stacey ?
who is the general brad pitt plays in war machine ?
who did zac efron play in high school musical ?
when was mission san francisco de asis built ?
who played the queen in the movie queen elizabeth ?
what percentage of the country lives in california ?
what was the first theme park in disney world ?
where was pride and prejudice filmed with keira knightley ?
google’s version of sponsored links that appear for certain keywords is called ?
who became leader of russia after the collapse of the soviet union ?
who did bill goldberg play for in the nfl ?
who is the starting quarterback for san francisco ?
where does the last name allen derive from ?
what is the most spoken language in iceland ?
which is the capital city of sri lanka ?
which countries form a part of north america ?
who voiced the pink alien in american dad ?
who wrote the carpenter's song close to you ?
who played batgirl in batman and robin tv series ?
when was the last time the huston won the world series ?
who played lorenzo bartolini in letters to juliet ?
who made the movie charlie and the chocolate factory ?
how many games are in the major league baseball season ?
who does danny end up with in just go with it ?
who has more la liga titles real madrid or barcelona ?
who is the movie blow based off of ?
when did the song selfish by rihanna come out ?
who is the dancer in the michael jackson experience ?
who is the owner of the toronto blue jays ?
which country has the largest population in europe ?
the roman emperor who made christianity the state religion was ?
who wrote the music to here comes the bride ?
who played cindy lou who in the grinch movie ?
when did the cubs win the world series ?
who is the head of the government in russia ?
official residence of south african president in cape town ?
who was involved in the battle of mons ?
who played in the nba finals last year ?
who is the presiding officer of the senate when the vice president is not there ?
what is the weather like in valencia spain ?
how many super bowl wins have the seahawks had ?
how many floors does the palmer house in chicago have ?
who is the president of newly declared independent country east timor ?
who has the most seasons in the nba ?
where is el salvador on a world map ?
who won the women's gold medal curling ?
when was the book of 1st john written ?
who played uncle fester in the addams family movie ?
what is the first name of huey's dewey's and louie's uncle ?
what type of ball is wilson in castaway ?
when did the united states get a standing army ?
who sings the theme song to curious george ?
who played the role of dumbledore in harry potter series ?
what country and city hosted the 2008 summer olympics ?
who plays riggs father on lethal weapon tv show ?
what year did the blue jays win the world series ?
who are the coaches for the miami dolphins ?
what country has a black yellow and orange flag ?
who played nala in the lion king movie ?
who wrote youve got to hide your love away ?
when did the ethiopian and eritrean war start ?
who plays walter frey in game of thrones ?
who played the title role in the film superman ?
who is the finance minister of first parliament in sri lanka ?
what form of government does the dominican republic have ?
who plays stephanie in all in the family ?
what are three things other than the nile that are related to ancient egypt ?
which country's flag is called union jack ?
who is going on tour with taylor swift 2018 ?
how many parts are there of harry potter movie ?
what is the name of actress in munna michael ?
when did the dallas cowboys last win the superbowl ?
when was the last time the steelers won a playoff game ?
when did dodgers and yankees last play in world series ?
who plays andrea's sister in the walking dead ?
who was in charge of russia during the cold war ?
what is the area of wales in square miles ?
what kind of duck is jemima puddle duck ?
what is the 5 k's of sikhism ?
who produced michael jackson thriller album in 1982 ?
who was the first us president that was assassinated ?
what is the name of the vise president of the united states ?
when did in n out open in arizona ?
which country is sponsoring the president of the un general assembly ?
who was picked number 1 in the nba draft ?
when did the incredibles 2 movie come out ?
who is the singer in maria maria by santana ?
how many countries in south america with name ?
who did boston beat in the 2004 world series ?
who was the first republican governor of texas since reconstruction and when was he or she elected ?
what percentage of england died from the black plague ?
who played mason on wizards of waverly place ?
who was president when the hoover dam was built ?
who was the general of the union army at gettysburg ?
which was the first silent film of india ?
who played barry gordy on the temptations movie ?
who plays sauron in lord of the rings ?
how many episodes of the resident season 1 ?
who is the actor who plays howard on big bang theory ?
who has been the coaches on the voice ?
how many teams compete in the ncaa tournament ?
who led the league in scoring this year ?
when does the supreme court begin a new term ?
how many nba titles do the knicks have ?
where does the gulf and atlantic ocean meet ?
what is the main international airport in stockholm ?
who is running for attorney general of illinois ?
when did the anaheim angels win the world series ?
who played meredith quill in guardians of the galaxy 2 ?
who was the french prime minister most responsible for building the absolute monarchy of france ?
what is the worth of the catholic church ?
when did the currencies of the namibia first come in circulation ?
where is little league world series being played at ?
when does the atlantic hurricane season start and end ?
when did china become a member of the united nations ?
who is the mother in how i met ?
who has been elected as the new president of colombia ?
where does the vice president of the united states live ?
who was the band in that thing you do ?
who was the first president born in the 19th century ?
where was a tale of two cities published ?
where did andrew carnegie write the gospel of wealth ?
where was disney's beauty and the beast filmed ?
where is indian head rock on smith lake ?
who was president when the iraq war started ?
where did the cubs win the world series in 1908 ?
what does d stand for in old currency ?
where did the 49ers quarterback go to college ?
what is the official language in the dominican republic ?
who played sayuri in memoirs of a geisha ?
when was the last time the vikings played the superbowl ?
what are spain and portugal known as collectively ?
when was the last time the patriots and the eagles played in the super bowl ?
who wrote what the hell did i say ?
who sang with reba on does he love you ?
what channel is james corden late night show on ?
where does chronicles of a death foretold take place ?
who played the godsey's daughter on the waltons ?
actress who plays kate in my sister's keeper ?
most wins in mlb season by a team ?
landform that separates vietnam from cambodia and laos ?
when was palestine first mentioned in the bible ?
who has played hope on bold and beautiful ?
when was the last war declared by congress ?
who's the head coach of the jacksonville jaguars ?
what year did maradona scored with his hand ?
who is known as trimurthy of carnatic music ?
who played johnny cash in i walk the line ?
who does rob lowe play in the outsiders ?
who said the government is best which governs least ?
who does robert de niro play in the godfather ?
who played barbara castle in made in dagenham ?
who played michael myers in rob zombie's movie ?
where was the movie the broken land filmed ?
who won the new york city mayoral race ?
where did mexico win its independence from spain ?
who does tom hanks play in apollo 13 ?
minister of higher education and scientific research egypt ?
who played cruella deville in once upon a time ?
who was the first president from the newly evolved democratic-republican party ?
in malaysian legal system how can malaysian law be classified ?
how long was the israeli war of independence ?
who played the joker in the movie the dark knight ?
where does the orlando city soccer team play ?
who is the main character in switched at birth ?
who was taylor swift in hannah montana the movie ?
who are listed as the founders of facebook ?
who is the producer of the ellen degeneres show ?
how many times have the carolina panthers been to the super bowl ?
how many baseball teams are in the major league ?
who played edward ferrars in sense and sensibility ?
who is the movie girl in the box based on ?
who plays agent callen on ncis los angeles ?
who won the first season of ink master ?
who plays johnny's singing voice in sing ?
who did robery hardy play in harry potter ?
who plays the ex wife on the orville ?
how many democrats are there in the senate ?
who played the title role in the movie catwoman ?
where did they film sex and the city tv show ?
who does the voice of darth vader in star wars ?
who does the white house director of communications report to ?
what river is the western border of the state illinois ?
who plays jennifer in back to the future 1 ?
where do you face when praying to mecca ?
names of the spanish speaking countries in the caribbean ?
who is playing in the stanley cup finals this year ?
what is the name of the airport in menorca ?
who played mrs partridge on the partridge family ?
who composed the iliad and the odyssey (points 1) ?
how many books has dr seuss written and illustrated ?
student of the year movie shooting in which college ?
what is the shape of the ohio flag called ?
who is the governor of the state of missouri ?
who played malcolm x in the movie ali ?
who was last president to serve one term ?
when was the first world cup of cricket held ?
which country(s) did germany take prior to the onset of world war ii in 1939 ?
when did the marlins became the miami marlins ?
who plays nicola in pie in the sky ?
when did jackie robinson won rookie of the year ?
what is the mascot for john hopkins university ?
when was charlie and the chocolate factory movie made ?
who was the last president who only served one term ?
who's the head coach of the buffalo bills ?
where do the chicago white sox play home games ?
who is the football coach at georgia southern ?
where did the siege of petersburg take place ?
who plays natalie on the young and the restless ?
where did the majority of italian immigrants settled ?
what's the meaning of the name israel ?
middle america's largest country today in terms of area and population ?
who scored in last year's fa cup final ?
when did the war began between north vietnam and south vietnam ?
who is the catcher for the st louis cardinals ?
where is the jubilee river flood channel located ?
what was the name of tarzan's monkey in the movies ?
what country does the name zoe come from ?
who was serving as president of u.s. on june 14 1946 ?
visa requirements for south african citizens visiting tanzania ?
who is the speaker of the lok sabha ?
where does the last name escobar originate from ?
how many 1 songs does mariah carey have ?
when did the spanish civil war take place ?
who played johnny sacks wife on the sopranos ?
who is the current heir to the chinese throne ?
how far is santa monica from venice ca ?
who are the democrats running for governor of ohio ?
who does phoebe from charmed end up with ?
what song did kelly clarkson sing to win american idol ?
what is the largest city in georgia by population ?
what event took place in fukushima japan after a tsunami ?
what president is mentioned in all in the family song ?
who was prime minister of canada in 2006 ?
who played lady penelope in the thunderbirds movie ?
when did serena williams became a professional tennis player ?
who wrote screenplay of in search of lost time ?
what year is it in the jewish religion ?
who is animal from the muppets based on ?
what's the population of walnut grove minnesota ?
who played callen's girlfriend on ncis la ?
where was the second half of the american revolutionary war primarily fought ?
who wrote the book thief soon to appear as a film ?
who's the singer in avicii hey brother ?
what is the population size of south africa ?
who played marty mcfly's mother in back to the future ?
where is officer candidate school for the navy ?
who's the voice of meg in family guy ?
zip code of san jose city nueva ecija ?
who formed majority in terms of population in belgium ?
what do you call a queen in egypt ?
who was the roman emperor when christ was born ?
who plays charlotte in the strain season 4 ?
who did john wayne play in true grit ?
who did samuel l jackson play in star wars ?
what is the date of the queen's birthday ?
what year did person of interest come out ?
what team has the most la liga titles ?
who does the white house press secretary work for ?
when did the first punisher movie come out ?
where is the biggest roller coaster in canada ?
who was involved in the israeli war of independence ?
who is the president and ceo of t-mobile ?
who is the current secretary of state in the united states ?
who did romeo miller play college basketball for ?
who is the minister of saps in south africa ?
what body of water is dubai located on ?
how many seasons of adventure time are there on dvd ?
athens is the birthplace of this form of government ?
when did the blu ray player come out ?
what was the verdict in a time to kill ?
who played robin in the secret of moonacre ?
actor who was part of cast of snl ?
who was in charge of the opening ceremonies in the 1960 winter olympics ?
where is the southern most point in the us ?
who won the election of 1824 but failed to win a majority of the votes necessary to become president ?
state of rhode island and providence plantations general treasurer ?
who are the two current senators that represent california today ?
what were the two sides of the revolutionary war called ?
what language are they speaking in no escape ?
who is the composer of pomp and circumstance ?
who wrote the song the windmills of your mind ?
when was wreck of the edmund fitzgerald written ?
where do the twins minor league teams play ?
who does the voice of the monkey in kubo ?
how many provinces and territories are in canada ?
which is the most populous country in africa ?
where was the video for you are the reason filmed ?
who plays jay first wife on modern family ?
when was sheltered in the arms of god written ?
who won season 10 of dancing with the stars ?
where did jack of all trades come from ?
how much did it cost to make coco pixar ?
what division is st thomas aquinas high school ?
who does john michie play in holby city ?
how many countries are there in west africa ?
where does the great wall of china meet the sea ?
where is the national convention held for ffa ?
where did the movie the mission take place ?
what is the first iron man movie called ?
who was the song night shift dedicated to ?
who voiced darth vader in a new hope ?
where does the moreno last name come from ?
how many countries are still in the british commonwealth ?
how many types of irish whiskey are there ?
how many episodes did season 1 of this is us have ?
when is the election for governor of virginia ?
who played the pinball wizard in the movie tommy ?
when did the atlanta braves win the world series ?
what are the major languages of the philippines ?
what is islands of adventure in orlando florida ?
who played obi wan kenobi in episode 1 ?
who wrote love's gonna make it alright ?
when did the toronto maple leafs last win the stanley cup ?
when is the championship game of the ncaa tournament ?
who owns the majority of ford motor company ?
where is the mekong river delta located in vietnam ?
when's the last time dallas cowboys won a superbowl ?
when did the phillies win the world series ?
where does the eurostar leave from in paris ?
when did australia win the rugby world cup ?
where was the first modern day olympic games held ?
which country is the world's largest producer of crude oil ?
who is playing han solo in the prequel ?
who did geraldine marry in the vicar of dibley ?
when was the last time an nba team swept in the finals ?
who wrote the fall of the house of usher ?
when did persia change its name to iran ?
what is the meaning of arabic word al ?
who was first president in the white house ?
how many representatives does alaska have in the house of representatives ?
where does the amazon river end and begin ?
when was the last time oklahoma voted for a democratic president ?
what is the name of the airport in ho chi minh city ?
who has the most rushing yards by a quarterback ?
who played the beast in the movie shot caller ?
where does usc play their home football games ?
who dies in harry potter order of the phoenix ?
who has won the most spanish league titles ?
who plays taylor on the bold and beautiful ?
what is the capital of saudi arabia country ?
who was a french aristocrat and military officer who served as a general in the continental army ?
who has managed the most premier league teams ?
when did the japanese emperor move the capital to heian-kyo ?
what season does jackson avery come into grey's anatomy ?
ok google what's the capital of canada ?
where do the rich live in new york city ?
by which article of the constitution of india is the prime minister appointed ?
who is joey related to on full house ?
who played robbie douglas in my three sons ?
what's the name of the pittsburgh steelers coach ?
what type of currency is used in afghanistan ?
what movie used the song stand by me ?
who won the first sec championship in football ?
number of premier league titles won by manchester city ?
who played john wayne's daughter in mcclintock ?
who starred in the man who never was ?
when did the dell optiplex 790 come out ?
who is the actor who plays liam in benidorm ?
who wrote pyramus and thisbe in midsummer night dream ?
who played with eric clapton at madison square garden ?
what's the tallest building in nashville tennessee ?
when did south africa win the african cup of nations ?
what type of economy does latin america have ?
who is the lt. governor of south carolina ?
who won the first women's world series ?
who was the jamaican born dj who is credited as being one of the founders of hip hop ?
badrinath ki dulhania alia bhatt name in movie ?
what country gave united states the statue of liberty ?
when did michael jordan get drafted in the nba ?
presidential candidates who won popular vote but lost election ?
where does the state of mississippi rank in size ?
who played stephanie in all in the family ?
who is the prime minister of republic of mauritius ?
when did the spurs win their first championship ?
when was the last time mount fuji errupted ?
which country supported the republican forces with military aid in the spanish civil war ?
who won the battle of washington dc in 1812 ?
how much money did the movie the incredibles make ?
number of members of the house of representatives ?
what country has the most number of population ?
when did harry potter 1 come out movie ?
what is the airport code for abu dhabi ?
who played caesar in the planet of the apes movie ?
when was the last time the chicago white sox won the world series ?
who was placed in charge of the philadelphia constitutional meeting in 1787 ?
when does california vote for a new governor ?
which country is the champion of fifa world cup 2014 ?
when did the movie the incredibles come out ?
a league of their own who wins world series ?
the actress who played lois lane and giselle ?
who plays eva on bold and the beautiful ?
who makes up the state council in russia ?
when was the last time boston red sox won the world series ?
what is a symbol of the united states ?
where does michael corleone live in godfather 2 ?
who played jocelyn in a knight's tale ?
what unit of measurement is used in germany ?
who won the men's college basketball championship last year ?
words that mean the same thing in spanish and english ?
who is the actress who plays trubel in grimm ?
what are the gifts of the three kings ?
what kind of gun did walker texas ranger carry ?
who plays maddie in the suite life of zack and cody ?
who played drums on 50 ways to leave your lover ?
the highest peak in north america mt. mckinley (or denali) is located in the state of ?
actress who played angel in home and away ?
best country with english as a second language ?
who plays hannah davies in grey's anatomy ?
who wrote preface to lyrical ballads 2nd edition ?
who played robin in the first batman movie ?
what is the god's name in judaism ?
how many nhl records does wayne gretzky hold ?
who was chosen to lead the continental army ?
who played yoda in return of the jedi ?
what are the main areas of earth science ?
what kind of government system does cuba have ?
the movie halloween primarily takes place in which state ?
who wrote the preface to lyrical ballads 2nd edition ?
who used to play meg on family guy ?
who played ray's mother in the movie ray ?
who played the equalizer in the original tv series ?
which country in the southeast asian realm has the largest population ?
who was paul writing to in the book of romans ?
who starred in the movie an american in paris ?
what are the three most commonly spoken languages in north america ?
ryan eggold character on young and the restless ?
who is the president of south africa now ?
who wrote you belong to me bryan adams ?
what is russell westbrook's career high points ?
when did israel start using the star of david ?
what is the original name of new york ?
into which sea or ocean does the amazon river flow ?
who is the chief judge of delta state ?
where is garden of the gods in illinois ?
where did dr nick go to medical school ?
when is the new president of mexico announced ?
who is your next of kin when you die ?
who was the last governor in the united states to be impeached ?
what was the period of reform in czechoslovakia in 1968 called ?
who's the offense of coordinator for the cincinnati bengals ?
who owns the pioneer casino in laughlin nv ?
who invented the steam engine in the 1800s ?
who is the singer for falling in reverse ?
which product does russia supply in large amounts to the rest of europe ?
who does anne marry in anne of green gables ?
who is the governor of your state now florida ?
where is the currency notes are printed in india ?
who is the president of the democratic party ?
what country lies closest to the north african coast ?
what type of industry is the coca cola company ?
how many episodes in season 1 of brooklyn nine nine ?
when did korean drama started in the philippines ?
when did the sisters of mercy arrive in australia ?
what is the name of the san francisco baseball team ?
where is the school of athens located today ?
who led the solidarity movement for independence in poland ?
where did jason voorhees get the hockey mask ?
who has been trained by ra's al ghul ?
how many world series did the st louis cardinals win ?
who wrote the biography parallel lives of illustrious ?
who are the writers of will and grace ?
who played susan sharon on sex and the city ?
who were the hosts of america got talent ?
how many episodes of hunter x hunter are there 2011 ?
who is the singer of mumford and sons married to ?
fictional european country invented for prisoner of zenda ?
what is the islamic population in the world ?
who plays coach whitey in one tree hill ?
when did ac milan last win the italian serie a title ?
how many teams from south america go to world cup ?
who does the guitar solo in beat it ?
who played dr. burke on grey's anatomy ?
who plays james bligh in a place to call home ?
where is the movie the good witch filmed ?
what episode of southpark does cartman sing poker face ?
where is the 2017 baseball all-star game being played ?
what is the origin of the name anthony ?
what type of government does united kingdom have ?
what kind of stores are walmart and target ?
who played kirk's mom in star trek movie ?
when did the queen of england get married ?
40th president of the united states of america ?
in which state is the mukheshwar temple situated ?
what are all the countries in the united kingdom ?
what does the name isha mean in islam ?
who played the leprechaun in the movie leprechaun ?
what is on top of the us capitol ?
he is the philosopher who formulated the so-called context principle ?
what nfl team has won the most super bowl ?
what are the name of the jackson 5 ?
who plays nikki on the young and the restless ?
what is the location of the aztec empire ?
how many citizenships can you have in switzerland ?
when did salt lake city became the capital of utah ?
where is st lawrence river located in canada ?
who led the soviet union at the beginning of the cold war ?
who is the head of the legislative assembly ?
where did most new england colonists come from ?
how many books are there for my hero academia ?
when did the soviet union change to russia ?
when was the last time the pistons won a championship ?
where does the current president of france live ?
who did stephen curry play for in college ?
what is indiana jones looking for in raiders of the lost ark ?
who plays celia rae foote in the help ?
who does clary end up with in mortal instruments ?
what hawaiian island is known as the big island ?
where did the french national anthem come from ?
who did the seahawks beat in the super bowl ?
actor who played neville longbottom in harry potter ?
who is the leader of church of england ?
how many english soldiers died in world war 2 ?
how many goals has suarez scored at barcelona ?
what does the word commandment mean in hebrew ?
what year did nick foles play for the eagles ?
who did dwayne wade play for last year ?
which is the largest country in asia by population ?
what football team did al bundy play for ?
what state in australia became a state in 1901 ?
who became the president of syria in 2000 ?
who won the battle of sayler's creek ?
who serves as head of their political party ?
who is canada's longest serving prime minister ?
who has played jack abbott on the young and the restless ?
who has the most wins in college history ?
what is the alabama vs auburn game called ?
the order of all the harry potter books ?
who is the voice of lola on big mouth ?
when did oscar de la hoya fight chavez ?
who is robbie williams singing about in advertising space ?
when was star trek the motion picture released ?
mexican painter frida kahlo's work is most likely influenced by what art style ?
when did the kansas city athletics move to oakland ?
when does the second indiana jones movie take place ?
what do the letters in nato stand for ?
which emperor established a new capital from which the byzantine empire arose ?
who played the lone ranger on the tv series ?
what is the size of population in sweden ?
lamar hunt s dallas texans football team would eventually become the ?
what language do they speak in the grand cayman islands ?
which tribe was allied with the british in the battle of queenston ?
who played charles on little house on the prairie ?
before mount everest was discovered what was the tallest mountain in the world ?
which nation was the first to accept christianity ?
who played claire huxtable's mother on the cosby show ?
what does el morro mean in puerto rico ?
who played jason in mighty morphin power rangers ?
who plays the artist in a place to call home ?
what nations are permanent members of the security council ?
is there an airport in kansas city kansas ?
where is cyprus located on a world map ?
who plays judith myers in the original halloween ?
who won the the battle of bull run ?
who nicknamed the coast of west africa the gold coast ?
what is deadpool's name in the movie ?
when did tom brady start with the new england patriots ?
where was the tv series the prisoner filmed ?
who played the part of lincoln in the movie lincoln ?
which brazilian president ordered the construction of brasilia ?
what is the most northerly town in the world ?
who played jennifer in the back to the future movies ?
what kind of writing is in the bible ?
who directed the film 'death in the west' ?
the powers of the universe called the tao translates literally to what ?
when was the cathedral of santiago de compostela built ?
where does the rio grande start and finish ?
how many justices currently serve on the us supreme court ?
who played the president in the movie first daughter ?
who plays adam sandler's dad in ridiculous 6 ?
what is the airport in cabo san lucas ?
who is newly elected prime minister of papua new guinea ?
who starred in the movie the blind side ?
where was the tv series the bible filmed ?
who was the last president to not get reelected ?
when do the orioles play the red sox ?
who is president of the federal reserve bank ?
who was party in the usa written for ?
what teams are in the stanley cup playiffs ?
what type of stone did the romans use ?
who served viceroy in india during british rule ?
who wrote the diary of a wimpy kid ?
who discovered penicillin and how did he make the discovery ?
how many episodes of chrisley knows best are there ?
who made the first airplane trip in 1903 ?
what is the biggest ethnic group in uk ?
who did abraham marry after the death of sarah ?
how many times have the knicks won a championship ?
the necessary and proper clause was articulated by which supreme court case ?
who controlled or ordered the viet cong in combat ?
nigeria state with the highest number of professors ?
who plays riggs in lethal weapon tv show ?
what county is atlantic city new jersey in ?
what nfl team did norris blount play for ?
who does nick foles play for in the nfl ?
what is the area code for charlotte nc ?
why type of volcano is mount saint helens ?
who made the solar system model of an atom ?
what part of florida is florida international university ?
what was the death toll for hurricane andrew ?
who played princess leia in the original star wars ?
what is the ducks name on chicken little ?
what is the name of the prison in san francisco ?
where is the air force officer training school ?
where did the first olympic games take place ?
who won the charlotte north carolina mayoral race ?
who sings backup on in the blood john mayer ?
what is the population of long island new york ?
who plays saxophone on can't you hear me knocking ?
where does most of the world get its coffee ?
where was wizards of waverly place filmed in new york ?
when did team spirit win the grand national ?
when did the revolutionary war end in yorktown ?
author who became a rhodes scholar in 1985 ?
who played atticus in to kill a mockingbird ?
a person who study literature is called what ?
name of all four houses in harry potter ?
how many teams are in d1 college football ?
when did the up become part of michigan ?
where does the blue nile river start and end ?
where is the golden state warriors arena located ?
what is the title of the leader in the house of representatives ?
who beat the cowboys in the playoffs last year ?
when was the last time the detroit pistons won a championship ?
who is the prime minister of china 2017 ?
who won the man booker international prize recently ?
where was the movie the haunting filmed at ?
functions of department of budget and management in the philippines ?
what are the giant cactus called in arizona ?
who did meg's voice in season 1 ?
where did the first trade center of danish company was established ?
who won the division 3 football national championship ?
what film was rock around the clock in ?
who played the kanamit in the twilight zone ?
who played rhoda on mary tyler moore show ?
who does mufasa's voice in lion king ?
what is the name of the biggest city in nigeria ?
what type of music does mac demarco make ?
where does the eurotunnel go to in france ?
where did the cardinals play before busch stadium ?
what two groups make up the us congress ?
where does the movie what if take place ?
what country does the united states export the most product to ?
who owns bentley bugatti lamborghini audi ducati and porsche ?
who had the most wins in the nfl ?
who wrote the song for the good times ?
who is the student of the year in movie ?
when did 3 point shot start in nba ?
who does quentin tarantino play in pulp fiction ?
movie with cedric the entertainer and mike epps ?
who does the voice of mushu in mulan 2 ?
who does ronaldo play for in 2018 world cup ?
who directed the first fast and furious movie ?
who does the voice of pumbaa in the lion king ?
which two bodies of water give the sinai peninsula its triangular shape ?
when was hong kong given back to china ?
who was the leader of italy during the second world war ?
who did the marlins beat in the 2003 world series ?
where do you go to get a bachelor's degree ?
who is the leader of the senate 2018 ?
who does the voice of meg in family guy ?
who is the character edward scissorhands based on ?
who is the governor general of the bahamas 2018 ?
who plays noah flynn in the kissin booth ?
where was the movie salem's lot filmed ?
who played detective green on law & order ?
who is the speaker of the us house of representatives ?
what are the public holidays in hong kong ?
who is the founder of the apostolic faith ?
who is amy on good morning america married to ?
neptune was discovered by irregularities in the orbit of ?
who is the supreme court made up of ?
who plays deena on the young and the restless ?
what language do they soeak in hong kong ?
where did dorothy live in the wizard of oz ?
what part of the chicken is general tso chicken ?
where was the tv show the ranch filmed ?
who played alan bennett's mother in the lady in the van ?
when did michael jordan get drafted to the bulls ?
rosemary's friend on when calls the heart ?
who played billy cole in the last boy scout ?
what are all the movies in the divergent series ?
who was the emperor of japan when the u.s. dropped the bombs ?
who is the female singer on fooled around and fell in love ?
st xaviers college kolkata is under which university ?
who was the winner of i love new york 1 ?
when was the last time the new york giants won a superbowl ?
who is considered the figure head leader of new zealand ?
where was the movie beyond the reach filmed ?
how many goals did wayne gretzky score in his career ?
who sings the theme song for freaks and geeks ?
what does cdt stand for in time zones ?
this musical genre had a strong influence on elvis presley ?
what is the national anthem of the philippines ?
who sang lead vocal on one of these nights ?
when did nigeria change its currency from pounds to naira ?
when did the cavs win the nba championship ?
what was the power structure of the byzantine empire ?
who does the voice of woodhouse in archer ?
where does caffeine come from in energy drinks ?
where do howie long's sons play football ?
survivor of the 1945 atomic bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki ?
how many wimbledon titles does roger federer have ?
where does saying when in rome come from ?
when did the maple leafs last win the stanley cup ?
who does clary end up with in the mortal instruments series ?
who made call of duty world at war 2 ?
who plays moses wife in gods and kings ?
who plays the future ghost in ghosts of girlfriends past ?
what was finland's currency before the euro ?
who is the guy singer in bring me to life ?
where was season one of stranger things filmed ?
when does the new senator from alabama take office ?
who plays chris harrington in home and away ?
who do the cubs play in the world series last year ?
in what country do the two main tributaries of the nile river join ?
who sang the theme tune to dear john ?
who has played the most games for liverpool fc ?
when does liam come back in season 2 ?
when did california become a state of the united states ?
who ruled russia during the russo japanese war ?
ok google what is the capital of california ?
who is the commissioner of bir in the philippines ?
where does the water come from in niagra falls ?
who invented the telephone and in what year ?
who did the cleveland browns draft so far ?
what is the name of the airport in nashville tennessee ?
who played danny romalotti on the young and the restless ?
who was given the name israel in the bible ?
what was the name of the girl on seinfeld ?
who ordered the demolition of the berlin wall ?
who's played the most years in the nba ?
who played molly ringwalds father in pretty in pink ?
who played harry potter in the harry potter movies ?
who was offered the role of indiana jones ?
when was the last time a wildcard team won the superbowl ?
when was the republic of south africa established ?
what film was the first ever best picture winner at the oscars ?
who was president of the usa in 1947 ?
who played young richie in the original it ?
what is the company name of mcdonald's ?
land contained in the current state of nevada was acquired by the u.s. in ?
who played the bride in father of the bride ?
how do you spell the capital of vermont ?
in which country in north america mount rushmore found ?
who is the mother in the show how i met your mother ?
when did the movie death wish come out ?
where was the film out of africa filmed ?
who sings the song king of wishful thinking ?
who does rick's voice on rick and morty ?
list of 2006 the walt disney company films ?
who plays lord elrond in lord of the rings ?
who does john cena play in rise of the teenage mutant ninja turtles ?
how many teams are selected for the ncaa tournament ?
who is running for governor in the state of illinois ?
what is the main language spoken in cape town ?
who does voice of stewie in family guy ?
who does fanny price marry in mansfield park ?
who does the call to prayer in islam ?
what is the date of the academy awards ?
who is the city of san francisco named after ?
how can a senator be removed from office in the philippines ?
when was the last time new england won the super bowl ?
who played florence's mother on the jeffersons ?
who is the wall street journal target audience ?
who was the president that purposed a new deal ?
what was the center of the byzantine empire ?
how many institutions of higher education in the us ?
when is the movie sicario 2 coming out ?
the rock cut temples of mahabalipuram were built by ?
the four noble truths and eight fold path are part of which religion ?
who did chris noth play in baby boom ?
which one of the following artists painted the great wave ?
when did dorothy from the wizard of oz died ?
who won the state of virginia in the last presidential election ?
what is the size of the dominican republic in square miles ?
what season of er did mark greene died ?
where was the house of the devil filmed ?
who sings i wonder what she's doing tonight ?
who played trapper john in the movie mash ?
was dunkirk world war 1 or world war ii ?
who was the last american president to die ?
what is the name of parliament in china ?
who is the captain of the toronto raptors ?
players that have won the world cup as managers ?
when did the last divergent movie come out ?
who played the hunchback in the hunchback of notre dame ?
what were two major causes of world war 2 ?
what is the origin of the name illinois ?
who played jill abbott on the young and the restless ?
when was the last time the yankees won the division ?
when did the emperor of japan lose power ?
what feature occupied the center of a roman domus ?
who has the most hat tricks between messi and ronaldo ?
who wrote it is no secret what god can do ?
where did they film american horror story coven ?
who is the actor that plays deeks on ncis la ?
when did laura ingalls wilder move to missouri ?
where did the invasion of normandy take place ?
when was the last time the redskins won the superbowl ?
how many indian reservations are in the usa ?
who plays barry allen in the flash tv show ?
where did hurricane irma hit in the us ?
where does the president approval rating come from ?
nearest airport to san jose del cabo mexico ?
who became the prime minister of japan on 26 april 2001 ?
when did the orioles win the world series ?
where is the tallest tower in the world located ?
how many times has the raiders won the superbowl ?
who played in the national championship last year ?
when did the movie jack frost come out ?
who won the emmy for best supporting actor in a drama series ?
who did peyton manning play for before denver broncos ?
where in austria was the sound of music filmed ?
what is the most common bible translation in english ?
who is the place kicker for the baltimore ravens ?
what are the three arms of the australian government ?
who played leo's daughter on west wing ?
who are the two main political parties in australia ?
who plays barnaby's wife in midsomer murders ?
who plays belle in the original beauty and the beast ?
who is the actual president of the supreme court of justice ?
who was the first person buried in westminster abbey ?
who did the voice of granny on looney tunes ?
who killed will jackson's wife in wentworth ?
which direction does the st lawrence river flow ?
when did the first slenderman game come out ?
who sang you don't know what it's like ?
what kind of dog is chupadogra from marmaduke ?
what was the name of the german government after ww1 ?
who's the starting quarterback for the saints ?
who is the coach of the carolina panthers ?
who did golden state pick in the draft ?
who is given the special gift of infallibility ?
who did powerline's voice in a goofy movie ?
political philosopher who gave harvard's 1862 commencement ?
what is the name of the cat in hong kong phooey ?
what is the moms name in everything everything ?
what is the body of water between england and ireland ?
who plays jenna rolan in be more chill ?
is the republic of korea known as north or south korea ?
who won the grammy for best country song ?
when did ty beanie babies first come out ?
how many times amitabh bachchan won national award ?
who won xfactor the year olly murs was in it ?
british artist and musician who won the turner prize in 2001 ?
when was the first book of harry potter published ?
what country on chinas border is mostly desert ?
who won last year's f a cup ?
what film is goo goo dolls iris in ?
when do we vote for governor in ca ?
how many super bowls did new york giants win ?
what type of music does the weekend make ?
who sang the song beauty school dropout in the movie grease ?
what does whitney port do for a living ?
what language is spoken in halifax nova scotia ?
who played la in night at the museum ?
where is the bridges of madison county located ?
what is the fifth letter of the greek alphabet ?
when did the polynesians first arrived in new zealand ?
who produced the movie all eyez on me ?
when did tampa bay win the super bowl ?
where did the battle of fort ticonderoga happen ?
the news print paper is obtained from which state in india ?
he served as secretary of the treasury while washington was in office ?
in which year did south africa join brics ?
who got the first pick in the nba draft ?
when was email invented and who is considered the inventor ?
who was the author of the book of hebrews in the bible ?
what is the population of the faroe islands ?
what episode does klaus appear in the vampire diaries ?
how far is knoxville tn from chattanooga tn ?
how many goals scored ronaldo in his career ?
what is the type of government in saudi arabia ?
who played the hulks dad in the movie ?
who is responsible for nominating judges to the supreme court ?
where was conquest of the planet of the apes filmed ?
where is the next world cup going to be located ?
what are the main ethnic groups in malaysia ?
who played the game maker in hunger games ?
who was president of argentina during the falklands war ?
is there a nfl team in las vegas ?
how many movies chronicles of narnia are there ?
name of the city that the first russian state centered around ?
who plays adam newman in the young and the restless ?
which australian capital city is closest to the equater ?
who had a large influence and ministry in switzerland and wrote institutes of the christian religion ?
who ran as a third-party candidate in the 1968 presidential election ?
what is the largest cat in the americas ?
who are the two actors in dumb and dumber ?
which school has the most ncaa men's basketball championships ?
who was the comedian that was killed by his wife ?
who plays the elf lord in the hobbit ?
who does eeyore's voice in christopher robin ?
what is the capital of the south american country of brazil ?
what is eid al fitr and eid al adha ?
who played barney on all in the family ?
who is the actor who played neville longbottom ?
what is the name of national game of pakistan ?
where was sex and the city tv show filmed ?
who played worf's son on star trek next generation ?
who plays mr finch in person of interest ?
who plays caesar in war for planet of the apes ?
what is the cathedral of art in mexico ?
when did the term united kingdom come into common use ?
who owns the las vegas knights hockey club ?
who played george washington in the john adams series ?
what is religion and types of religion in nigeria ?
where was father of the year netflix filmed ?
where do you find the lord's prayer in the bible ?
who played floyd on the andy griffith show ?
who is buried at santa croce in florence ?
what is the raga of jana gana mana ?
when does piper find out chris is her son ?
number of countries where english is the official language ?
who is famous for painting close up of flowers ?
when did the dell optiplex 960 come out ?
what are the states that make up new england ?
when did the coyotes change from phoenix to arizona ?
who plays mr whittaker in adventures in odyssey ?
when was the last time the seahawks won the super bowl ?
who played jed clampett on the beverly hillbillies movie ?
what part of america is the us in ?
boku no hero academia movie blu ray release date ?
who has been designated as the man of the decade by the time magazine ?
new england patriots are from what us state ?
which province is called the breadbasket of pakistan ?
who does the voice over for bart simpson ?
where does the king of queens take place ?
who won world cup as a player and manager ?
who played rachel in the first blade runner movie ?
how many 40 point games does michael jordan have in the playoffs ?
who voiced jack frost in rise of the guardians ?
what movie is holding out for a hero from ?
what country has the largest english speaking population ?
name of the present governor general of canada ?
what did patricia arquette win an oscar for ?
what are the various denominations in which coins are presently available in india ?
who is the actor that played doctor strange ?
what cities are close to sugar land texas ?
where was the streets of san francisco filmed ?
where does virgin australia fly to in the usa ?
when is the next governor election in alaska ?
who wrote the national anthem of pakistan in urdu ?
who played the kray twins in the film ?
who played kato in the green hornet tv series ?
when does the big 12 men's tournament start ?
when was the last time steelers went to super bowl ?
who did kevin durant play for in 2008 ?
what is the average income in czech republic ?
what was moses wife name in the bible ?
when was george rr martin's a game of thrones adapted for television ?
who wrote edge of a broken heart by vixen ?
what is the name of nigeria football coach ?
when where the eagles in the super bowl ?
where is castle on the hill based on ?
who plays bennet in orange is the new black ?
when was hong kong turned over to china ?
who plays elizabeth bennet in the movie pride and prejudice ?
who did the eagles play in the nfc championship ?
when did the movie mama mia come out ?
what is the capital name of west indies ?
who played the little girl on mrs doubtfire ?
what is the most common religion in southeast asia ?
when is the next election for governor of florida ?
who played the candy man in willy wonka ?
who decides if a movie is going to be a blockbuster ?
what shakespeare play is lion king based off of ?
what counties are in the 6th congressional district in ga ?
who won best actor at the oscars this year ?
what is kelly clarkson's song i don't think about you about ?
who is the author of the fun they had ?
who plays the daughter on the show mom ?
number of french speaking countries in the world ?
the book of prayers used at mass is called ?
where does the money for nhs come from ?
what percentage of the world population speaks german ?
who is the main character in orbiting jupiter ?
how many countries are members in the united nations ?
how many acres is the san diego safari park ?
what movie was the song runaround sue in ?
how much did the us pay mexico in the treaty of guadalupe hidalgo ?
where did peter peter pumpkin eater come from ?
when is the alabama special election for senator ?
who wrote most of the pink floyd songs ?
who did the eagles play in the superbowl ?
name the four us presidents who were assassinated while in office ?
who is the director of the film avatar ?
the cuban missile crisis began in 1962 when which country placed nuclear missiles in cuba ?
what is the name of the dog on the simpsons ?
who came first the red sox or the white sox ?
who published the book a wrinkle in time ?
where does elizabeth live in pirates of the caribbean ?
who did the soviet union support during the korean war ?
who is the producer of the wedding party ?
what kind of economy does vietnam have today ?
who does serena end up with in gossip girl ?
who was the king of england in 1603 ?
who is the protagonist in the social network ?
what is the name of the currency used in togo ?
who is the manager of reading football club ?
number of catholic high schools in the united states ?
who is the author of the book titled the sellout ?
what type of government does thailand have today ?
who did luka modric play for in england ?
who was the union general who fought at the battle of shiloh ?
who plays bailey on suite life on deck ?
where does the water come from that goes over victoria falls ?
in which year was the maratha confederacy defeated by british ?
when did the current queen of england become queen ?
who did matt ryan play college football for ?
where is the grand canyon national park located ?
the principal balkan country in which ethnic cleansing took place in the mid-1990s was ?
who sang with reba mcentire the song does he love you ?
who plays caeser in planet of the apes ?
who played mary in original jesus christ superstar ?
when did they start building the sydney opera house ?
who was the first known actor to act alone ?
who was the last nfl team to win back-to-back super bowls ?
how many super bowl wins does the pittsburgh steelers have ?
who sings safe and sound with taylor swift ?
last time patriots and eagles were in the super bowl ?
who wrote the guitar solo for beat it ?
who won the most recent world series game ?
who did denver play in their last super bowl ?
where did the dutch settled in the new world ?
when did they write the bill of rights ?
who was dante what is he most famous for writing ?
who does cutler play for in the nfl ?
which non-british company owns both the famous british rolls- royce and mini brands ?
by what name are the island countries in the caribbean sea sometimes called ?
who is the new chairman senate of pakistan ?
who wrote the poetry on which carmina burana is based ?
who won song of the year at oscars ?
what region of the world is japan in ?
who is the female guitarist in this is it ?
who helped build mission san luis rey de francia ?
where is the school of visual arts located ?
who played michael myers in the 2007 halloween movie ?
where does the st. johns river begin and end ?
where is the actor who played karate kid ?
who plays opie's wife on sons of anarchy ?
who was president in america during world war 2 ?
who has played hope on the bold and the beautiful ?
when is the last time a hurricane hit tampa florida ?
what kind of government was installed in japan after ww2 ?
who played tom cruise's wife in mission impossible 3 ?
what is the most widely spoken language in south africa ?
who played ryan's brother in the oc ?
what type of music does milky chance sing ?
who is the longest living president of the united states ?
who did josh groban play in the great comet ?
legal basis of state of the nation address ?
what is the name of the colorado rockies stadium ?
who won the super bowl 2 years in a row ?
what powers are held by both state and federal governments ?
who played obi-wan kenobi in star wars episode 1 the phantom menace ?
where was the movie guns of navarone filmed ?
who did the singing in the movie rock star ?
who is the president of china right now ?
what kind of bomb was used in hiroshima ?
what is the most widely spoken language in brazil ?
real name of mihir in yeh hai mohabbatein ?
which agricultural products do the faroe islands produce ?
who played kim on as the world turns ?
what percent of korea's gdp is samsung ?
what is the airport in cabo san lucas mexico ?
where do cruise ships dock in jacksonville fl ?
who is next in line if the queen dies ?
when did facebook come out to the public ?
who plays leia in star wars the force awakens ?
what is the name of the governor of bank of ghana ?
who played snake eyes in the g.i. joe movie ?
the american revolution against the british began in which of the following colonies ?
who played chico in chico and the man ?
who played lionel in all in the family ?
what is the area code for salt lake city utah ?
who won the afc championship game this year ?
how many episodes in a season of vampire diaries ?
how much does a trump golf membership cost ?
who are the democrats running for governor of georgia ?
who did the music for disney's robin hood ?
who is the actress that plays madam secretary ?
who is the actress that plays bay in switched at birth ?
who played michael stivic on all in the family ?
where is england located on a map of the world ?
who was the actor that played little ricky ?
what are the neighboring countries of south korea ?
where did the name swedish fish come from ?
what is the last movie eddie murphy made ?
where is the capital city located in california ?
who is owner of jaguar & land rover ?
which is the southern most tip of the indian mainland ?
who is the current president of deca ontario ?
who played the role of dumbledore in harry potter ?
when did maple leafs last win stanley cup ?
what is the border name between india and pakistan ?
who won the civil war union or confederate ?
who plays padme in star wars episode 2 ?
who plays deena on young and the restless ?
who was the person that wrote the bible ?
what religion are they in call the midwife ?
who won the most academy awards for best actor ?
who plays sir richard carlisle in downton abbey ?
where is little italy located in new york city ?
when did the philadelphia eagles won a superbowl ?
where does the time change in west texas ?
who was prime minister of pakistan in 1999 ?
when did the philadelphia eagles enter the nfl ?
who made the game in pretty little liars ?
who starred in why did i get married ?
who dies on how i met your mother ?
who played the emperor in the empire strikes back ?
how many number one hits did elvis presley have ?
who takes care of the georgia bulldog mascot ?
where do the ny yankees play home games ?
who is next after the queen of england ?
who is the oldest basketball player playing now ?
when is the next maze runner film coming out ?
who was the last person to be drafted out of high school ?
when did italy become part of the european union ?
anne of green gables who does she marry ?
largest country in the world in terms of land area ?
what is an english word that has been borrowed from spanish ?
how many supreme court justices were there originally ?
what is the name of china's most famous communist leader ?
where does the chesterfield canal begin and end ?
who did kyle korver used to play for ?
list the duties of the satraps of the persian government ?
who played chris hughes on as the world turns ?
where is the headquarters for the usga located ?
who is the youngest president to be elected ?
where do most immigrants in france come from ?
whom did the free-soil party nominate as its presidential candidate in 1848 ?
mexico is led by a chief of state who is ?
what island is atlantis on in the bahamas ?
who does the voice of chucky in the seed of chucky ?
who played adam sandler's daughter in click ?
when was the last time houston rockets won a championship ?
who played princess leia in the first star wars ?
when is teacher's day celebrated in nigeria ?
who was required to have affirmative action programs ?
australia's legal system is a common law legal system based on the ?
where does the condamine river start and finish ?
who plays vision in avengers age of ultron ?
who plays willow in buffy the vampire slayer ?
when's the last time the houston rockets won a championship ?
how many languages is the book of mormon translated into ?
is the governor of puerto rico democratic or republican ?
who has the power over the money in the us government ?
who was serving as president of u.s. 1946 ?
when did atlanta braves win the world series ?
who led the continental army to victory against the british and thus won american independence ?
who was president of united states in april 1975 ?
who won the nba finals last 5 years ?
who drew the human body during the renaissance ?
who played rachel dawes in the dark knight ?
brazil is the world's largest exporter of what crop ?
when was the rocky horror picture show released ?
who plays the predator in the movie predator ?
who played taylor in bold and the beautiful ?
who did cleveland play in the finals last year ?
who plays walt longmire on the show longmire ?
what team does steph curry brother play for ?
which established the guidelines by which new states would be added to the united states ?
what are the hannibal lecter movies in order ?
who is the worldwide leader of the catholic church and where does he live ?
who won the popular vote in 2017 presidential election ?
who is running for the governor of new york ?
when was the book matilda by roald dahl published ?
who does jane eyre fall in love with ?
when is the maze runner 3 movie coming out ?
who was the quarterback for minnesota last year ?
who played red riding hood in once upon a time ?
who played the leprechaun in the movies leprechaun ?
where was the movie cowboys and aliens filmed ?
when was the movie to kill a mockingbird released ?
where does the wabash river start in indiana ?
when was journey to the center of the earth made ?
where was friday night lights tv series filmed ?
how many movies are there in the chronicles of narnia series ?
who does johnny depp play in charlie and the chocolate factory ?
what are all of italy's neighboring countries ?
who are the two candidates running for senate in tx ?
when was the first game of hockey played ?
who made the song i shot the sheriff ?
when did the first diary of a wimpy kid book come out ?
who became the president of the new confederate states of america ?
what is the meaning of the word toronto ?
what is the sequel of fifty shades of grey ?
where does the new it movie take place ?
which city is niagara falls located in canada ?
who played the cigarette smoking man on the x-files ?
who is the film the blind side based on ?
what is the athenian agora made out of ?
which country won the sultan azlan shah hockey tournament ?
who owns worlds of fun in kansas city ?
who is the actress who plays zoe on the bold and the beautiful ?
who played carlton on fresh prince of belair ?
what is the area code in puerto rico ?
when did wake forest move to winston salem ?
who was president when the bill of rights was added to the constitution ?
where did the name kentucky fried chicken come from ?
where is the mall of america located at ?
who did the soundtrack for blade runner 2049 ?
who plays the emperor in revenge of the sith ?
who is the second ranking member of the executive branch ?
what is the literal meaning of the country costa rica ?
how much is a crown in english money ?
the constitution originally called for election of senators by ?
who is the scientist after whom einsteinium is named ?
who is running for us senate in az ?
who is the last president of the united states of america ?
when does the winner of the alabama senate race take office ?
who played the role of dhritarashtra in mahabharat ?
who ruled england in the early 1200's ?
who wrote the theme song for the tv show mash ?
what nfl team has won the most super bowl’s ?
who was the president of south africa in 1993 ?
who wrote the poem do not go gently into that good night ?
who played joe jackson in the jackson 5 movie ?
who plays the voice of hallie on doc mcstuffins ?
multan was named by arab as city of ?
when was the last time the blues won the stanley cup ?
who wrote king arthur and the round table ?
who did the voice in michael jackson's thriller ?
who is the president of the senate in nigeria ?
more than half of pakistan's exports consist of ?
who played young vito corleone in godfather 2 ?
where does american airlines fly in the uk ?
what is the state nickname of new hampshire ?
where is the oldest zoo in india situated ?
who did john stamos play on general hospital ?
la liga standings how many games in a season ?
who has more power in german chancellor or president ?
what is the name of the head of nafdac ?
how many seats are there in ontario government ?
where does the governor of new jersey live ?
when does usa women's soccer play japan ?
how big was the roman empire at its height ?
how many universities and colleges in the us ?
what kind of alcohol is in alcoholic beverages ?
when did the arizona cardinals move to arizona ?
who played sky king in the tv series ?
who is the coach of university of texas ?
what is the main language in czech republic ?
when was the last time the raiders won a championship ?
who played mrs. bellows on i dream of jeannie ?
who wrote the national anthem of the bahamas ?
who voices johnny's dad in the movie sing ?
who played the flash in the original tv series ?
when did the vietnam war started and ended ?
what hallmark movies has ashley williams been in ?
when did the panama canal start being built ?
who plays jesus in the movie son of god ?
who plays kyle's mother in csi miami ?
who starred with john travolta in saturday night fever ?
who plays star on the tv series star ?
smallest continent of world in terms of area other than australia is ?
which branch of the us government does the supreme court lead ?
which superhero shares his name with a turkish city ?
who was the leader before the russian revolution ?
when was the sisters of charity founded in australia ?
who did the bengals play in the super bowl ?
which nfl coach won the most super bowls ?
was the head of the french government during the french revolution ?
where did beethoven live most of his life ?
who owns the rights to the little house books ?
when was the name windsor adopted by the royal family ?
where did hair of the dog come from ?
what is the spelling of diwali in hindi ?
when was the last super bowl the raiders won ?
where does the tigris river and the euphrates river meet ?
when did the soviets declared war on japan ?
what is the last name of the property brothers ?
what is a large body of water that flows through land ?
in riverdale who does betty end up with ?
who is known as the father of humanism ?
where is the baseball all-star game being played ?
who plays star in star vs the forces of evil ?
where is the mls all star game being played ?
what does it mean to have conservative political views ?
where is the university of texas a&m located ?
what is the primary language in toronto canada ?
where does the last name hughes come from ?
when did humans begin to live in san francisco ?
who played bud in sons of katie elder ?
where are the majority of judaism followers located ?
who founded the first real centralized empire in china ?
who played charlie in the chocolate factory 2005 ?
how many times have the dodgers gone to world series ?
when did toronto maple leafs last win the stanley cup ?
what is the current population of dallas texas ?
old cast of real housewives of new york ?
where does the vikings play their home games ?
where is the rugby league world cup being held ?
last italian driver to win a grand prix ?
what colors are on trinidad and tobago's flag ?
list of countries having pound as their currency ?
who starred in rita sue and bob too ?
who was president of mexico during the mexican american war ?
who wrote the children's classic the lion the witch and the wardrobe ?
what is the airport code for punta cana ?
what is the title of the wife of an earl ?
who plays padme in revenge of the sith ?
who wrote if drinkin don't kill me ?
hebrew word for gossip in the old testament ?
who plays the character jesus in the walking dead ?
when did the continental congress sign the declaration of independence ?
who plays lord voldemort in the deathly hallows ?
the united states today uses which kind of currency ?
which indian leader popularized the celebration of ganesh chaturthi ?
what team does didier drogba play for in fifa 17 ?
when does phoebe find out who chris is ?
who won xfactor the year of olly murs ?
who did michigan state play in bowl game ?
who played in the movie ode to billy joe ?
who ranks higher secretary of state or chief of staff ?
where did abdul kalam go for his higher studies ?
when did egypt become part of the roman empire ?
how many super bowl wins do the seattle seahawks have ?
what is the most watched tv series in history ?
who does the voice of ron cadillac on archer ?
how long did it take for the tohoku tsunami to arrive ?
who wrote the theme music for indiana jones ?
who developed a steam engine that could drive machinery ?
what show is the song what i did for love from ?
who's the author once upon a time ?
who dies in the hunchback of notre dame ?
when was the olympics hosted in the us ?
who are the legislative branch of the philippines ?
who played the older alex in the new jumanji movie ?
who wrote i see the moon the moon sees me ?
who plays the voice of jafar in aladdin ?
how many local government are there in lagos state nigeria ?
who is the largest cable provider in the us ?
where does the arlanda express stop in stockholm ?
when did michael jordan became owner of charlotte bobcats ?
who plays black panthers mother in the movie ?
what was the original name for times square in new york city ?
what is the name of cincinnati baseball team ?
what country is manchester united soccer team from ?
which is the most populated city in italy ?
who did the usa support in the vietnam war ?
who won the match between manchester united and manchester city ?
what was the first cartoon walt disney made ?
who did alshon jeffery play for before the eagles ?
who does a retail company sell products to ?
what is the name of the google siri ?
which two countries were the leading powers during the cold war ?
where did the system of representative government come from ?
which event marks the start of the islamic calendar ?
who has the power to make laws in canada ?
what movie is the hollywood tower hotel from ?
what is it called when you say the father the son and the holy spirit ?
who won the golden boot in premier league this season ?
when did the atlanta falcons become a team ?
which actress played chandlers father in the tv series friends ?
who does peter griffin voice on family guy ?
when did the industrial revolution start in japan ?
what type of climate does united kingdom have ?
who is the disaster artist movie based on ?
who played richard poole on death in paradise ?
who played ulysses s grant in wild wild west ?
who played luke skywalker in a new hope ?
who founded the mormon faith in new york ?
what does the zip in zip code stand for ?
who plays johnny's dad in the movie sing ?
when does the movie the first man come out ?
who plays the genie in return of jafar ?
what is the name of the current president of switzerland ?
who played tom in when calls the heart ?
who played in the world series in 1990 ?
when was the first houston livestock show and rodeo ?
who does the vocals on money by pink floyd ?
where does the appalachian trail start in new york ?
who played in the first monday night nfl game ?
when did world war ii in europe end ?
how many time zones across the united states ?
who played slide guitar on my sweet lord ?
where did linkin park get their name from ?
who plays clark kent in man of steel ?
what songs are in grey's anatomy musical episode ?
who created the steam engine in the industrial revolution ?
when did r kelly first album come out ?
who did eagles play in 2004 super bowl ?
what is the nickname of the republican party ?
where does russia rank in the world economy ?
who wrote a romance called le morte d'arthur about the death of king arthur ?
who was president when the british burned down the white house during the war of 1812 ?
when did papua new guinea become an independent country ?
where does tap water in london come from ?
who killed will jackson's wife on wentworth ?
who plays professor juliet pickford in home and away ?
how many goals does ronaldo have in portugal ?
who played dr brown in back to the future ?
who is current chief justice of supreme court ?
where was the first parliament held in australia ?
when did hurricane matthew hit in south carolina ?
who won the oscar for the movie the help ?
what was south africa called before it became a republic ?
who plays rachel's birth mom on glee ?
who wrote the song baby by justin bieber ?
who was president during the second world war ?
who is the starting quarterback for the seattle seahawks ?
who does robin van persie play for now ?
what company makes a and w root beer ?
what nfl team has been to the super bowl the most times ?
how many union troops fought in the wilderness battle that lasted 44 days ?
who was the only us president whos grandfather was also president ?
where does storm of the century take place ?
when did stephen kings it book come out ?
who was portrayed as the anderson brothers cousin ?
who plays the voice of darth vader in star wars ?
what is the name of the square in venice italy ?
who won the 1961 college football national championship ?
who is the actor that plays the good dr ?
who did julie marry on one day at a time ?
who are the candidates running for colorado governor ?
who serves as the president of texas's senate ?
who did betty white play on mama's family ?
who is tom cruise playing in the mummy ?
who played barney on the andy griffith show ?
what was the full name of the godfather ?
how many hat tricks has messi scored in the champions league ?
who plays taylor in the bold and beautiful ?
who played emma snyder on as the world turns ?
who made the song where is the love ?
what country was game of thrones filmed in ?
when did hull fc win the challenge cup ?
who is considered the founder of the theory of evolution ?
who is the governor of madhya pradesh now ?
2000 film starring imelda staunton and peter postlethwaite ?
what countries does the euphrates river flow through ?
what is the name of istanbul international airport ?
who is the current coach of the dallas cowboys ?
where does the uk rank in world population ?
what is the visa on arrival fee in thailand ?
who is the head coach of florida atlantic ?
when did the battle of buxar take place ?
who did john stape kill in coronation st ?
who was the drummer for carlos santana at woodstock ?
who played claudia in how i met your mother ?
who played the borg queen in star trek voyager ?
who does the voice for bob in bob's burgers ?
how many goals has aguero scored for argentina ?
actor who played john bolton in the bill ?
when did the vice president become part of the cabinet ?
who represents washingtons 1st district house of representatives ?
where did the detroit pistons play last year ?
who was the cohost along with ryan seacrest on the first season of american idol ?
what is the tallest building in the northern hemisphere ?
how many episodes are there in season 6 of nashville ?
when did rome gain control of the italian peninsula ?
who plays lauren tanner on make it or break it ?
who was the king at the time of bajirao ?
when did the rangers win the stanley cup ?
what is billy's real name from the thundermans ?
which president did the house of representatives impeach ?
who died in front of the king's horse ?
who is the leader of the us democrats ?
which indian city is the capital of two states ?
what is the name of the russian money ?
who played elle woods after laura bell bundy ?
who played jeremy in chitty chitty bang bang ?
who plays bianca in maggie and bianca fashion friends ?
who wrote music for the sound of music ?
largest country in the world by geographical area ?
who plays the art teacher in ned's declassified ?
who's henry's father in once upon a time ?
who played the character mongo in the movie blazing saddles ?
what season did christina yang leave grey anatomy ?
how many languages anne frank's diary is published in ?
what do you call a religion without god ?
who wrote the book a walk in the woods ?
which studio is the producer of cyberpunk 2077 ?
when did the rakkasa tangadi war take place ?
who plays christopher marlowe in shakespeare in love ?
when did the first hobbit movie come out ?
who is the secretary of state in washington ?
which is the most powerful god in hinduism ?
when did the us get involved with puerto rico ?
what is the busiest airport in new zealand ?
who played albert ingalls in little house on the prairie ?
by which name does the brahmaputra enter into india ?
who plays gavin's mum in gavin and stacey ?
what language do they speak in beijing china ?
who sang those were the days my friend song ?
before mount everest was discovered which was the highest mountain in the world ?
when was the last year the cleveland browns made the playoffs ?
what cities in the us have hosted the olympics ?
when did the brooklyn dodgers win their first world series ?
who was involved in the battle of dunkirk ?
where do the boston bruins play their home games ?
who did the voice of wallace in wallace and gromit ?
what year did chelsea won the champions league ?
who wrote what becomes of the broken hearted ?
who played selena's mother in the movie ?
who hired leonardo da vinci to paint the last supper ?
raleigh is located in what part of north carolina ?
in the european modern painting who is the initiator of impressionism ?
naruto the movie legend of the stone of gelel characters ?
who is an actor that is from england ?
who was the president during the cuban missle crisis ?
puerto rico is a territory of what country ?
which is the national language of sri lanka ?
when did michael jordan come to the nba ?
who is tom ellis in once upon a time ?
who played dj's friend george on roseanne ?
who played genie in i dream of jeannie ?
who is running for governor of virginia in 2017 ?
who is the german national soccer team coach ?
who did liverpool beat in the champions league final ?
who wrote crazy little thing called love original artist ?
what are you called if you're from washington ?
south american country that connects to north america ?
first president that was born in the us ?
who played lindsay ballard on star trek voyager ?
who is the mother in i met your mother ?
where are black mambas found in south africa ?
where did christianity originate rome egypt judea greece ?
who played pumbaa in the lion king movie ?
when did the last known civil war soldier die ?
who made the movie the wizard of oz ?
when did the riders win the grey cup ?
when did tom brady come in the nfl ?
who does mark hamill play in the flash ?
mention the name of two newspapers edited by mahatma gandhi ?
who is the prime minister of north korea now ?
when was the last time the washington capitals won a playoff series ?
who played the captain in the first star trek episode ?
what type of factories are in mexico that assemble imported materials ?
where was game 1 of the world series played ?
when was the peoples republic of china founded ?
what is the name of las vegas hockey team ?
who is the foreign minister of sri lanka ?
who does the voice in how i met your mother ?
who plays the alien bounty hunter in x files ?
who plays michael jackson in searching for neverland ?
who plays todd in the last man on earth ?
who wrote the book my experiments with truth ?
what is the real name of harry potter in real life ?
who plays christine in life of the party ?
the boy billionaire is based on which famous personality ?
where did dwyane wade play high school basketball ?
when was the last time boston celtics was in the finals ?
who plays the husband in the other woman ?
who did nemo's voice in finding nemo ?
who does ryan end up with on the office ?
who played doc brown on back to the future ?
what nhl teams did wayne gretzky play for ?
who wrote the book the grapes of wrath ?
who won the first ever nba slam dunk contest ?
who played james in the end of the world ?
who does h jon benjamin play in family guy ?
who helped to spread the spanish language in america ?
when was the last time the yankees and the la dodgers played in the world series ?
who won oscar for her role in moonstruck ?
which was the first airline to fly the jumbo jet ?
who is present captain of indian kabbaddi team ?
who's winning the world cup this year ?
who is the actor that plays ron weasley ?
who won the gettysburg battle in the civil war ?
what episode is family guy american dad crossover ?
who wrote the song i've got dreams to remember ?
who played han solo in the han solo movie ?
who plays han solo in solo a star wars story ?
who used a question and answer format when teaching ?
where is the office of the commandant of the marine corps ?
where did the valley girl accent come from ?
who played young bilbo in lord of the rings ?
how many countries are in the asia continent ?
who played daniel boone's son in the tv series ?
who plays the voice of scar in the lion king ?
how many supreme court justices serve on the supreme court ?
who is the prime minister of south korea 2018 ?
what cities are in san luis obispo county ?
what is the most popular sports in australia ?
who plays brandons dads girlfriend on the fosters ?
when did lebron james play in the olympics ?
who wrote i think i want to marry you ?
who sang there's a danger in loving somebody too much ?
when did mcdonald's start selling happy meals ?
where was in the dark tv series filmed ?
when did the battle of waterloo start and end ?
when was the last time the celtics won the nba championship ?
was brandenburg gate in east or west berlin ?
kuch rang pyar ke aise bhi actors names ?
who has played mackenzie on young and the restless ?
what nba team has the highest winning percentage ?
who was the last supreme court nominee rejected ?
where did bob dylan play in new york ?
when did ras al khaima join the emirates ?
who drives the home depot car in nascar ?
how many times has la dodgers won world series ?
when did arizona become a state in the us ?
who did the carolina panthers lose to in the super bowl ?
who did the ravens beat in their first super bowl ?
what team did roman reigns play for in the nfl ?
who played the easter bunny in rise of the guardians ?
who plays amy farrah fowler on the big bang theory ?
what is the largest religion in the us ?
what song did bobby brown sing in ghostbusters ?
who plays donald trump on saturday night live ?
where is new york located in the region of the united states ?
which article of constitution give the provision of president in india ?
where is the museo nacional de antropologia located ?
what do you call a person from kuwait ?
what is the population of rock hill south carolina ?
who is the general manager of the toronto blue jays ?
who was the first nba player straight out of high school ?
when was the last time the mets won the world series ?
who was the quarterback for tampa bay when they won the superbowl ?
who does james corden play in the emoji movie ?
who wrote make your own kind of music lyrics ?
who did the indianapolis colts pick in the first round ?
who does alyson stoner play in phineas and ferb ?
where did the roman emperor sit in the colosseum ?
who introduce the first term cell in the year 1665 ?
garba is the folk dance of which state ?
when was the office of refugee resettlement established ?
uefa champions league how many teams from each country ?
what is the capital city of kenya wikianswers ?
what do you call someone who is from the caribbean ?
who plays as charlie in charlie's angels ?
what type of cancer did susan sarandon have in stepmom ?
who does dwight howard play for right now ?
who was the nba championship trophy named after ?
who starred in breakfast at tiffany's 1961 ?
who does the voice of brian on family guy ?
which is the oldest university in the usa ?
where does the movie the thing take place ?
who sings with patrick swayze in she like the wind ?
who plays alex cahill on walker texas ranger ?
who is the actor in the go compare advert ?
what type of music is system of a down ?
who won the nba basketball championship this year ?
how old was mary queen of scots when she took the throne ?
who has the power to confirm presidential appointments ?
when was the last time the bulls made it to the playoffs ?
what is the other name of regional government in india ?
who commissioned the great pyramid of giza to be built ?
what is the range of a boeing 777 ?
when did bob dylan wrote like a rolling stone ?
who does zac efron play in high school musical ?
where does the eurotunnel start in the uk ?
where is dancing with the stars filmed in nz ?
when was the colosseum built in ancient rome ?
who was the quarterback for ohio state in 2014 ?
who was the prime minister of england during quit india movement ?
who played face on the a team tv show ?
where was the first professional football game played ?
what is the leading religion in egypt today ?
movie at the beginning of time after time ?
who wrote the song that's how i got to memphis ?
who played the joker in the batman series ?
which cm's father was maharaja(king) ?
who played cousin kevin in the movie tommy ?
who played mr ewell in to kill a mockingbird ?
who plays the voice of moana's father ?
where is the source of river nile found ?
which country has the largest number of time zones ?
where is strait of magellan located on a map ?
who served as the first emperor of the roman empire ?
who plays billy the kid in young guns ?
what was the former name of the democratic republic of congo ?
which country in asia has the largest population ?
when did denzel washington win his first oscar ?
when was the first time eagles won superbowl ?
who was held the office of chief minister ?
who plays queen elizabeth the queen mother in the crown ?
when did the actor who played dumbledore die ?
who is prime minister of india in 1992 ?
what is the name of the first anglican church ?
when did jackie robinson retire from playing baseball ?
how many times did the chicago cubs play in the world series ?
who played capt kirk in the new star trek ?
who elects the prime minister in israels parliamentary democracy ?
where did kevin durant play before golden state ?
where does the movie free willy take place ?
who played the monster in the house of frankenstein ?
when did britney spears release her first album ?
how many member countries are there in wto at present ?
when did the state of the union address start ?
who is liam neeson in dark knight rises ?
who is brad pitt's character in war machine based on ?
when did nigeria became a colony of britain ?
what is the currency in hong kong china ?
what was michael jordan's scoring average in his last year of high school ?
where did the chicago bears quarterback go to college ?
who won the academy award this year for best actor ?
who plays ash's dad in ash vs evil dead ?
who does ben from baby daddy end up with ?
where is japan located geographically in the world ?
what was new york called before it was new york ?
when was the bay bridge in maryland built ?
where is the headquarters of the united nations located ?
when did ken griffey jr won the homerun derby ?
who played the patriots in the super bowl last year ?
denmark shares a physical frontier with which european country ?
being mary jane season 4 how many episodes ?
who has been appointed as the new prime minister of romania ?
who is running for governor in the state of oregon ?
who wrote the song do you believe in magic ?
who are the two senators from the state of florida ?
what is the name of the remote eastern area of russia ?
azerbaijan is divided into two political units by what country ?
the boundary between germany and poland is called ?
which is the largest district in india area wise ?
who plays april kepner in grey's anatomy ?
when did jane and chris win the olympics ?
how many us states border canada by land only ?
who played the commander in the handmaid's tale ?
who died from the movie fast and furious ?
what kind of music did whitney houston sing ?
where does the movie the outsiders take place ?
which state has the smallest population in nigeria ?
when did the claim to the caliphate become central to ottoman ideology ?
when did the first superman movie come out ?
who played in the movie the last picture show ?
where did the movie couples retreat take place ?
who was the us president between 1901 in 1909 ?
who played tom in gimme gimme gimme ?
who plays michael on new will and grace ?
where is the university of southern queensland located ?
what city is the clemson football team from ?
when was the last time someone got swept in the nba finals ?
what is the name of canada’s first nation which lives in autonomous nunavut ?
where does the purge election year take place ?
who's opening for justin timberlake 2018 tour ?
when was the last time hawaii was hit by a hurricane ?
what song does miley cyrus sing in the last song ?
what is the meaning of ragi in punjabi ?
who will be the new president of trinidad and tobago ?
who plays the principle in f the prom ?
when was the world’s first university established ?
casualties of the bombing of hiroshima and nagasaki ?
when did hong kong become a part of china ?
does the queen live at windsor castle or buckingham palace ?
when did texas become a state in the us ?
who is the chief justice of united states now ?
who plays malekith in thor the dark world ?
when is next olympic games to be held ?
jackass' cast member dies in car crash ?
where is the little league world championship being played ?
who was called the king of the sun ?
who played batgirl on the tv show batman ?
when did the civil war in colombia start ?
who had the longest tenure as president of the usa ?
what is the airport code for louisville kentucky ?
which politician was the president of the bcci from 1990 to 1993 ?
who did miley cyrus play in hannah montana ?
who wrote the song ode to billie joe ?
how many apps are in google play store ?
when did the toronto blue jays win the world series ?
who did will marry on will and grace ?
what is the dominant ethnic group of southern south america including argentina and uruguay ?
who does emily end up with in emily owens md ?
what year was martin luther king jr time magazine's man of the year ?
which law is the highest in south africa ?
when did athens become the capital of greece ?
how many seasons of 30 rock are on netflix ?
who does barry allen date in the flash ?
where does the paper for money come from ?
who does sam marry in foyle's war ?
who's the actress that played murphy brown ?
what is the language spoken in czech republic ?
who did the voice of michael jackson on the simpsons ?
how long did the tv series bonanza run ?
to whom does the narrator write in frankenstein ?
who did anne reid play in coronation street ?
what city is the washington redskins stadium in ?
the term renaissance means rebirth. what was reborn in europe at this time ?
who was the president of america in 1995 ?
how many students attend west forsyth high school ?
who played uhura on the original star trek ?
who are the nine us supreme court justices ?
who does claire end up with in the outlander books ?
who got nobel prize for peace in india ?
where is playa del carmen located in mexico ?
where is st john's county in florida ?
when is the last time the knicks won a championship ?
where was opening scene of andy griffith filmed ?
who started the trojan war in the iliad ?
who has the worst record in nfl football ?
when was the last time the oakland raiders won the superbowl ?
where does the book because of mr terupt take place ?
where did the last name sanchez originate from ?
when did the first harry potter book get released ?
what year did the oklahoma city thunder win the championship ?
what states does the rio grande river run through ?
when did the nissan leaf first come out ?
where does funding for food stamps come from ?
where are the headwaters for the guadalupe river ?
what is the area code for montreal canada ?
who's the oldest player playing in the nba right now ?
number of typhoons in the philippines per year ?
who played role of mohan joshi hazir ho ?
who directed the movie i can only imagine ?
who is the doctor from once upon a time ?
what kind of bird is the aflac mascot ?
who played the part of maria in the movie the sound of music ?
what is the name of the arizona cardinals stadium ?
which team in the nba has won the most championships ?
where did jameis winston go to high school ?
who is the mc of the nfl honors ?
where was the power rangers tv show filmed ?
when did diary of a wimpy kid book come out ?
how many federal district court judges are there in the united states ?
who is the actor who plays deacons dad on nashville ?
who's the mayor of south bend indiana ?
who played anakin skywalker in return of the jedi ?
when was the last time the milwaukee bucks won a championship ?
when did the first naruto movie come out ?
the branch of government that makes laws for our country ?
when did the new york yankees become a baseball team ?
who voiced moses in the prince of egypt ?
who won the ncaa basketball championship in 2012 ?
who is a man of god according to the bible ?
who is the starting quarter back for the 49ers ?
which states were part of the warsaw pact alliance ?
when was the college of william and mary founded ?
the persian gulf war began when iraq invaded what country ?
key west the most southern point in the continental us is in this state ?
who played the queen mother in the crown ?
how much money does argentina make from tourism ?
in which year did the second world war start ?
what does the french bit in partition mean ?
who do the whisker haven pets belong to ?
who was the first speaker of the house ?
how do you say long live in latin ?
who played sandra bullocks daughters in practical magic ?
who does jamie chung play in once upon a time ?
who plays dwight's cousin on the office ?
what language is spoken in the domincan republic ?
how many companies are there in volkswagen group ?
who is the minister of trade and industry in south africa ?
who was the emperor of rome when pompeii was destroyed ?
how many languages are there in benue state ?
how many country are the member of saarc ?
what is the meaning of the name horeb ?
who played the lone ranger in the television series ?
who did alabama play in the sec championship in 2016 ?
when did the army air corps become the air force ?
what is the meaning of sania in arabic ?
who was president of the us in 1985 ?
where is the tv show stranger things filmed ?
when did season 5 of longmire come out ?
when was the first native american boarding school opened ?
what is the old kingdom of egypt known for ?
where did deshaun watson play high school football ?
where was the movie the gospel of john filmed ?
when did the lead singer of survivor die ?
who did the magic lose to in the nba finals ?
when did man united win the premier league ?
how long have the ravens been a team ?
what island in hawaii is the volcano active ?
who owns the las vegas golden knights hockey team ?
who was buried at the african burial ground ?
who is the republican running for senator in florida ?
who produced back to you by selena gomez ?
who plays jenna marshall in pretty little liars ?
where was the movie dead man's burden filmed ?
who produces now that's what i call music ?
where did nolan ryan go to high school ?
who wrote the influence of sea power upon history ?
the former soviet union had an economic system by which resources ?
county in europe the capital of which is belgrade ?
where does the yenisei river begin and end ?
what episode of ncis does mcgee join the team ?
who has played for liverpool and real madrid ?
when did the life of pablo come out ?
who plays sister winifred in call the midwife ?
which european country was in control of the original 13 colonies ?
where is the florida panthers hockey team located ?
when did the first dell computer come out ?
when was the last time the kings made the playoffs ?
dil dil pakistan in written form in urdu ?
who plays spectre in from russia with love ?
what percentage of the lakshadweep population belongs to the tribal community ?
how many countries make up the africa continent ?
who's won the league cup the most ?
when was the last time the dolphins made it to the super bowl ?
who is known as milk man of india ?
what is the second smallest country in asia ?
who were the two opposing sides in the american revolution ?
who holds the most passing yards in the nfl ?
who played billy hazard in north and south ?
what type of water is in lake ontario ?
what episode of house does wilson get cancer ?
when did naruto first air on cartoon network ?
how many episodes does insecure season 2 have ?
list the countries that made up the former yugoslavia ?
who's the lead singer of system of a down ?
when was the legend of zelda twilight princess released ?
who played elizabeth taylor in the elizabeth taylor story ?
when is the last time dallas cowboys won the superbowl ?
sherlock holmes movies in order robert downey jr ?
who developed tcp/ip the original specification for the internet's protocols ?
major french automobile manufacturer part of the psa peugeot ?
who owns the naming rights to titans stadium ?
who dies in the shooting in grey's anatomy ?
what is the name of the senate president in nigeria ?
who was the commander of the british forces in boston ?
pitt players in the nfl hall of fame ?
who is the actor that plays kurt seyit ?
who played jane milner on foyle's war ?
who has written the national anthem of sri lanka ?
what is the population of the dalles oregon ?
who is the voice on michael jackson thriller ?
what is the national bird of costa rica ?
when did tom brady come into the league ?
who played colonel blake in the movie mash ?
the kamchatka peninsula is a landform in what country ?
who played judy in lost in space movie ?
who did the heat beat in 2006 finals ?
when was the first james bond movie made ?
who played bernie in weekend at bernie's ?
who plays agent gregorio on ncis new orleans ?
how long did it take picasso to paint guernica ?
how many judges sit on the us court of appeals ?
where is the tv show the alienist filmed ?
when did new jersey devils win the stanley cups ?
what was the tallest building in new york in 1930 ?
where was the 1893 world's fair held ?
what kind of plane does the secretary of state fly on ?
who does anne marry in parks and rec ?
when did the blue jays win the championship ?
to which indian god is makar sakranti dedicated ?
who was the centerfielder for the 1991 championship-winning twins ?
who is in line to be king or queen of england ?
what is the name of the jewish religion ?
what is the origin of the state name oregon ?
who led the fight for women's right to vote ?
which is the first silent movie in india ?
who is running for governor of the state of florida ?
when was the last time astros win the world series ?
samsung galaxy s7 when did it come out ?
who plays rachel berry's mom in glee ?
who is the original singer of somewhere only we know ?
who said the famous quote knowledge is power ?
names of republican senators up for reelection in 2018 ?
where do the oakland raiders play their home games ?
when does lent start in the catholic church ?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for world cup ?
what is the source of the colorado river ?
who is the best selling male artist of all time ?
what's the state capital of new york ?
who is the present president of international court of justice ?
3 idiots movie was shot in which college ?
who was the first president of the republic of trinidad and tobago ?
east african country with capital of same name ?
who played the baby in the baby and the battleship ?
when did the first colored movie come out ?
who played the original emperor in star wars ?
who wrote the book are you my mother ?
who is the us department of education secretary ?
who plays sharon newman on young and the restless ?
who has more power in turkey president or prime minister ?
when does the 3rd thor movie come out ?
when did construction start on the sydney harbour bridge ?
who played rockford's dad in the rockford files ?
when was the last time the celtics made it to the finals ?
who are the associate justices of the supreme court ?
when did england last win an opening game world cup ?
when does meet me in st louis take place ?
who won an oscar for the movie glory ?
in which country is the united states actively fighting ?
who was the clemson head football coach when they won the 1981 national championship ?
what were the two classes of roman society ?
who starred in the movie night of the iguana ?
who did tom hanks work for in castaway ?
who plays connor's father on chicago med ?
who played pt barnum's daughters in the greatest showman ?
who was the longest running prime minister of canada ?
what was the result of the 100 year war ?
what was the name of atomic bomb dropped on hiroshima ?
which city is the capital of andhra pradesh ?
which country in the eu has the largest population ?
when is the climbing season for mount everest ?
who are the governor candidates for new mexico ?
what type of government did north korea have during the korean war ?
what was the name of the iraq war ?
who is the actor who plays percy jackson ?
what is the name of the house of worship for hinduism ?
who played george jefferson on all in the family ?
who played charlene darling on the andy griffin show ?
who was the reigning english monarch in 1760 ?
who does will smith play for suicide squad ?
who won the most national awards for best actor ?
who is the presiding officer of the texas senate ?
which country is the largest producer of gold ?
according to forbes who is the richest person in india ?
where is jamaica located in the caribbean sea ?
who plays jill on the young and the restless ?
who played faramir in return of the king ?
when was the gospel of john probably written ?
what was the name of elvis presley's first movie ?
who did chris paul start his career with ?
who proposed the idea of independence to the continental congress ?
how to say to your health in gaelic ?
how many members in the senate are democratic ?
which state does not have the bicameral legislature ?
what type of government did japan have during ww2 ?
actor who plays eomer in lord of the rings ?
what city is russia’s largest metropolitan area as measured by population ?
in which country are the cities of asyut sohag and luxor ?
who is the voice in look whos talking ?
when does the new new jersey governor get sworn in ?
who has the most yards as a quarterback ?
who did the saints beat in the super bowl 2009 ?
who plays cruella mother in once upon a time ?
who plays monica's friend will on friends ?
what two groups represent the middle eastern conflict in iraq ?
when did the first madea movie come out ?
what is the name of ondo state governor ?
what disease does the narrator in the tell tale heart have ?
how many public schools are there in chicago ?
when did the ravens win their first super bowl ?
who is the first translator of quran in english ?
when did the original exorcist movie come out ?
when is hispanic heritage month celebrated in the united states ?
who was the first spanish governor general of the philippines ?
who plays chin ho kelly's brother in law ?
what states can you buy beer in gas stations ?
who is the publisher of where the red fern grows ?
how many interceptions did peyton manning have in his rookie season ?
where was the john wayne movie mclintock filmed ?
what was the german name of the british royal family ?
the hobbit movies in order from first to last ?
who coached the winner of the voice last year ?
what is the name of the minister of finance in nigeria ?
what is the current size of the house of representatives ?
who played obi wan kenobi in star wars episode 3 ?
how many republican governors in the united states ?
who is the manufacturer of google pixel 2 ?
what is the unit of currency in ireland ?
who plays in big 10 basketball championship game ?
where did dorothy from the wizard of oz live ?
who played the emperor in the original star wars ?
who is the author of the legend of sleepy hollow ?
which un agency has its head quarters in paris ?
when was the cleveland browns last winning season ?
what city does the terminator take place in ?
who is is a in pretty little liars ?
when was the ukraine taken over by russia ?
who is the bad guy in the movie gone ?
the movie schindlers list takes place during which historical event ?
who painted la primavera a painting of the roman goddess flora ?
what was the arms race in world war 1 ?
what type of rock makes up the grand canyon ?
when did yugoslavia parted ways with the soviet union because of political differences ?
on what type of landform are north and south korea located ?
who wrote the song georgia on my mind ?
who is alabama's starting quarterback this year ?
how many miles from austin texas to el paso texas ?
where was the treaty of guadalupe hidalgo signed ?
who does julie andrews play in princess diaries ?
what does larry fitzgerald have on his jersey ?
how many countries are members of security council ?
who played the twins in the parent trap ?
what is the most spoken language in the us ?
where is the water wheel located in guyana ?
who has been chosen as the best actor in the 65th national flim awards 2018 ?
length of new guardians of the galaxy movie ?
who sang charlie brown he's a clown ?
who represents the arizona 5th district in the us house of representatives ?
where was the original location of the national ffa convention ?
who won the stanley cup finals in 2018 ?
who's the actor that plays yondu in guardians of the galaxy ?
who directed the new a star is born ?
who did philadelphia eagles play in the super bowl ?
who was the first governor of new south wales ?
kabul is the capital of the country that borders turkmenistan ?
who plays the voice of bob from bob's burgers ?
when did harry potter world open in orlando ?
where is the mercedes benz stadium located in atlanta ?
what is the area code for los angeles ca ?
when did michael jackson's thriller album come out ?
who was prime minister when we joined europe ?
who played clegg in last of the summer wine ?
who is the star of the movie wonder ?
former holywood leading lady who won 4 best actress oscars ?
who wrote the lyrics to mary did you know ?
how many players are on a team in soccer ?
who plays batman in the justice league movie ?
where does the eurostar go from in london ?
what is the name of the nfl football ?
who won last years nhl all star game ?
which country has the highest number of muslim ?
when was the first freddy krueger movie made ?
which group supported political machines like tammany hall ?
where is the florida vs georgia game being played ?
who wrote the book the handmaid's tale ?
where is the university of central florida coach going ?
who was the first king of israel according to the bible ?
what is the population of santa cruz bolivia ?
who plays charlie in charlie and the chocolate factory movie ?
where's the baseball hall of fame located ?
who plays boomhauer on king of the hill ?
when did the berlin wall start being built ?
what is the name of indias amazon orginal series ?
who is the head coach for notre dame football ?
where is the air force base in alabama ?
where does the battlefront 2 campaign take place ?
who nominates judges to the us district courts ?
where is hydropower used in the united states ?
who played darth vader in the movie star wars ?
who's the starting quarterback for the vikings ?
which is the busiest airport in the uk ?
who played liesl in the sound of music movie ?
where is harvard law school located what state ?
what did the white city constructed for the 1893 world’s columbian exposition in chicago represent ?
department of atomic energy is under which ministry ?
what movie was the song material girl in ?
who is the current president of mexico 2012 to 2018 ?
who gave voice for deadpool 2 in hindi ?
what area of london is the tower of london in ?
who are the two sides in the syrian conflict ?
who played casper the boy in the movie ?
who is the mayor of salt lake city utah ?
what movie has the song brown eyed girl in it ?
what are south americas only 2 landlocked countries ?
when did obama write dreams from my father ?
what type of bridge is the pont du gard ?
who played anne frank in the original movie ?
where did larry nance jr go to college ?
sajan re jhoot mat bolo main actress name ?
what is the currency in south africa called ?
when did the regular show movie come out ?
who became known as the father of the constitution ?
names of the four houses in harry potter ?
by whom was the garden city of new earswick designed ?
who was president during world war 2 e ?
who was the second king of israel that became the symbol of an ideal king of israel ?
who did the us fight in the quasi war ?
who wrote the lyrics to the classic song star dust ?
who was the president of india in 1977 ?
when did st louis rams win super bowl ?
what order do the resident evil films go in ?
what is the gini coefficient of the united states ?
who wrote fantastic beasts and where to find them in harry potter ?
who plays king george's wife in the crown ?
who was the england manager when they won the world cup ?
who wrote the play death of a salesman ?
who is the actor playing jason on general hospital ?
what did the electron microscope allow scientists to see ?
who won the best actress oscar for the 1987 movie moonstruck ?
who did germany give land to after ww1 ?
where was this year's super bowl held ?
who holds the power in a representative democracy ?
who does the voice of nemo's dad in finding dory ?
who plays arthur in kingsman the golden circle ?
which article of the constitution defines the power of the president ?
what is the color of the philadelphia eagles ?
who was president of the united states in 1913 ?
who is the english voice actor for natsu ?
who plays elizabeth woodville in the white princess ?
who played the role of the lone ranger ?
what part of boston is umass boston in ?
who plays nimue in once upon a time ?
who was known as the father of roman poetry and wrote annales an epic poem about the history of rome ?
who is the coach for north carolina basketball ?
who appoints the chairman of the federal reserve ?
what season of suits did meghan markle join ?
what is the sistine chapel and where is it located ?
who owns the south point hotel and casino ?
how many flags have the british flag on them ?
who does paige end up with on charmed ?
when did sherlock holmes began working as a detective ?
who sang the songs in the movie burlesque ?
who died in the book into thin air ?
how many episodes of aot season 3 are out ?
when does the us open tennis start in 2017 ?
how many numbers in a spanish phone number ?
who is the head coach for carolina panthers ?
where does texas economy rank in the world ?
where is the starting meridian for the longitude system ?
where was the adventures of huckleberry finn published ?
what is the first newspaper in the world ?
what does the name hamza mean in arabic ?
when did the chargers make the super bowl ?
who plays lacey's husband on the client list ?
actor who played stefano dimera on days of our lives ?
who does the voice of ray on archer ?
who wrote you can't judge a book by its cover ?
where did the st valentine's massacre happen ?
the area that stretched along the appalachian mountains was called what ?
who wrote the words of the jamaican national anthem ?
who did julius peppers play for in 2016 ?
who won the first ever formula 1 race ?
who wrote the music to the lion king ?
who wrote the music and lyrics for beauty and the beast ?
what is the name of the korean alphabet ?
who played lou ann poovie on the gomer pyle show ?
when did the baseball player jackie robinson die ?
who is the author of the berenstain bears books ?
country in the middle of the pacific ocean ?
what is the population of houston and surrounding areas ?
when did new zealand win the americas cup ?
what is the main campus at penn state ?
when did david beckham start playing professional football ?
who does mila kunis play in the cleveland show ?
who did the us fight in desert storm ?
where did the movie open water take place ?
who was the author of the chronicles of narnia ?
which nfl head coach has won the most super bowls ?
who beat the dallas cowboys in the playoffs last year ?
when's the last time the kansas city chiefs won a superbowl ?
who wrote the that 70s show theme song ?
who served during the 1980s as general secretary of the soviet communist party and as president ?
who played legolas in lord of the rings ?
when did the show that's so raven end ?
when did johnny cash write a boy named sue ?
how many british shillings are in a pound ?
when did the cubs win the world series last ?
what was jackie robinson's number in baseball ?
who represents arizona in the house of representatives ?
artists of the new york school of abstract expressionism produced paintings that are abstract but ?
what is the leading source of energy used in china ?
who is the leader of the democratic party now ?
how many points did gretzky have in his last season ?
when was the lion the witch and the wardrobe first published ?
when was softball first played in the olympics ?
who is jack's father in this is us ?
when was the first sherlock holmes book published ?
which country is the owner of royal enfield ?
who is the guru of karan in mahabharat ?
where did the story of romeo and juliet take place ?
who did the yankees play in 2009 world series ?
who was the first known king of england ?
this person appoints the chief justice of the supreme court ?
who did the knicks draft in the first round ?
when did canada play in the world cup ?
who did the dallas cowboys draft first round ?
when did north vietnam unify with the south ?
who wrote the words to the national anthem of barbados ?
the lord of the rings how many movies ?
what is the name of brazil soccer team ?
who played mel gibson's wife in signs ?
what kind of currency is used in norway ?
who does emily end up with in revenge ?
who was the president of the united states when the vietnam war began ?
who wrote if i were a carpenter and you were a lady ?
what is the most practiced religion in australia ?
what type of nation is the united states ?
when did the golden knights become a team ?
when did the civil war in south sudan start ?
where will this year's army-navy game be played ?
who plays sarah in dc legends of tomorrow ?
who was involved in the plains of abraham ?
how do you pronounce the capital of burkina faso ?
what genre of music is mac the knife ?
who wrote i've got dreams to remember ?
when did beauty and the beast come out on dvd ?
names of the metropolitan municipalities in south africa ?
who won the pittsburgh steeler baltimore raven game ?
what is the name of the airport in boston ?
where does it talk about mary magdalene in the bible ?
who starred in the movie deep water horizon ?
who is the guy who voiced disney channel ?
who wrote the music for somewhere in time ?
where is the new tottenham stadium being built ?
how many episodes in season 1 of the oc ?
when does the school year start in france ?
where is the engine block located in a car ?
when did egypt began to develop into a kingdom ?
who won season 9 rupaul's drag race ?
where did the franco prussian war take place ?
which state has the famous towns of margao & vasco-da-gama ?
how many games in a japanese baseball season ?
when do we vote for governor in wisconsin ?
who is the present prime minister of israel ?
who sing the theme song to the jeffersons ?
when did the steelers last won a superbowl ?
who published harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban ?
when did the us include affirmations of god in the nation's motto and pledge ?
where does the ultimate power reside in a democracy ?
when did world war 2 in europe end ?
what is the zip code for downtown dallas texas ?
who did anne jeffreys play on general hospital ?
who was the president during cuban missle crisis ?
how many seasons of real housewives beverly hills ?
who was the first elected president of the united states of america ?
spanish city at the foot of the sierra nevada ?
when's the last time the los angeles dodgers won the world series ?
who wrote the new beauty and the beast ?
who is the movie danny collins based on ?
who was the author of yogadarshan which volume did he write ?
who is the secretary general of the united nations organisation ?
what is the capital of new zealands north island ?
who is the secretary of state of usa ?
who is the chair person of rajya sabha ?
who plays donna ladonna in the carrie diaries ?
which is the best selling newspaper in the uk ?
who played the willis's son on the jeffersons ?
how many passing yards did peyton manning have in his career ?
who was the egyptian queen who became pharaoh ?
when did hurricane irma hit florida last year ?
when did the cuban war for independence start ?
who is the servant through whom allah provided the quran ?
who wrote close encounters of the third kind ?
where did spain colonize in the new world ?
who played kim hughes on as the world turns ?
the invasion of kuwait by iraq resulted in a conflict that became known as ?
who is in charge of public schools in america ?
who is known as father of karnataka music ?
what are the four freedoms of the eu ?
who was the quarterback for the miami dolphins in 1974 ?
who took control of the italian government in 1922 ?
who does jim carrey play in the grinch ?
what is the first pillar of islam called ?
where was the battle of savannah fought the location of the battlefield ?
what movie is bradley cooper and lady gaga in ?
who does the voice over for stewie in family guy ?
what is the smallest mountain in the philippines ?
who played jan in the brady bunch movie ?
who played the bad guy in the movie cobra ?
what was the name of the school in wonder ?
where does the book of exodus take place ?
what team does renaldo play for in world cup ?
who became the president of south korea in 1998 ?
who sings l.o.v.e in the movie the parent trap ?
who is the actor that plays angela father on bones ?
who is the actress that plays howard wolowitz mother ?
who played mario in super mario brothers movie ?
who did houston play in the world series ?
who is the lead actor in the sinner ?
where was the first center of government in the present day united states set up ?
where is schitts creek supposed to be located ?
who gave the title of quaid e azam ?
who emerged as the head of the nationalist party and ruler of china by the late 1920s ?
which form of malaria is both the most common and the most severe ?
who is next in line to the throne when the queen dies ?
who is the actor that plays neville longbottom ?
what is the name of governor of abia state ?
when is the next blade runner movie coming out ?
who is the starting goalie for real madrid ?
who played lois lane in the man of steel ?
who plays lucy in the big bang theory ?
who starred in the original movie the beguiled ?
what team did michael jordan play for in college ?
why baguio is the summer capital of the philippines ?
who wrote if i was a carpenter and you were a lady ?
who is the movie phantom thread based on ?
who wins golden boot if tied premier league ?
who supported south vietnam in the vietnam war ?
where does the oxford tube leave from in london ?
who played charlie in the original willy wonka movie ?
who was the president of the united states in 1954 ?
who wrote the words to the new zealand national anthem ?
when did sir arthur conan doyle wrote his first book ?
how many nba championships have the houston rockets won ?
who sang the national anthem super bowl last year ?
which nhl team has won the most consecutive stanley cups ?
how many points did wilt chamberlain scored in his nba career ?
who is the head of state of morocco ?
states with highest number of professor in nigeria ?
who wrote the lyrics to windmills of your mind ?
when did the dutch go to south africa ?
who plays sarah in cheaper by the dozen ?
when is the last time the redskins won the super bowl ?
who played the kray brothers in the film ?
where does the water from lake okeechobee drain ?
what do you call a person from lebanon ?
when are elections for the house of representatives held ?
who do northern ireland represent in the olympics ?
who made up the third estate in the french revolution ?
where is the biggest guinness brewery in the world ?
who ruled spain after the roman empire fell ?
who are the republican candidates running for governor in connecticut ?
what year did the last civil war vet die ?
where does the movie air bud take place ?
what is the name of nigeria president wife ?
where is the nfl hall of fame located ?
who wrote deep in the heart of texas ?
who wrote the poem if we must die ?
what are the names of the inhabited hawaiian islands ?
which cities were the center of calvinism and lutheranism ?
where was the movie murphy's romance filmed ?
who was the 31st president of the united states of america ?
who played daniel in the bible mini series ?
which country eventually joined the triple alliance with germany and austria-hungary ?
what did cher win an academy award for ?
when was the last time the dodgers won the national league pennant ?
when did canada qualify for the world cup ?
who does jenny slate play in star vs the forces of evil ?
who decides the winner of the nobel peace prize ?
what is a special geographic characteristic of central america ?
when was the bells by edgar allan poe written ?
what are the only 2 states that have their state name in their capital ?
who plays jack frost voice in rise of the guardians ?
what is nota in indian election in hindi ?
when was the last time denver broncos won the superbowl ?
who is the author of land of stories ?
what are the three main factors of production ?
where does the pacific crest trail end in canada ?
who was the most recently appointed supreme court justice ?
what is a conscientious objector in the vietnam war ?
when was the last time the dbacks went to the playoffs ?
where was troy fall of the city filmed ?
what is the most recent nicholas sparks movie ?
where does the murray river meet the ocean ?
who was the first danish king to rule england ?
what were the two opposing sides in china's civil war ?
who is the present educational minister of assam ?
which is most old language in the world ?
who is the oldest of zeus poseidon and hades ?
who won the gold in women's singles figure skating ?
who has the most running touchdowns in nfl history ?
where does the last name granger come from ?
what do you call a black and tan in ireland ?
who sang the songs in the movie your cheatin heart ?
who was the first coach of the tampa bay buccaneers ?
how many stock exchanges are there in china ?
who is the mayor of san francisco california ?
when did the tv show arthur come out ?
who plays the queen in episode 1 star wars ?
tortug'air is which country's national flag carrier ?
who was president of the united states in 1886 ?
who won the war between north korea and south korea ?
who played bruce banner in the hulk tv series ?
in california is the boundary between the north american and pacific plates ?
who are the three individuals named in a trust ?
who is the writer on once upon a time ?
what was the capital of a large area of the spanish empire ?
who was the first president assassinated in office ?
when was the euro introduced as legal currency in the world market ?
when's the last time the milwaukee bucks won a playoff series ?
where does the amazon river start and end ?
when was the movie next of kin made ?
which star wars movie does boba fett die in ?
when did the blue jays win world series ?
who is the actor that played perry mason ?
where is syracuse located in new york state ?
when did germany declare war on belgium ww2 ?
who won the electoral votes in new hampshire ?
when did the english take over new amsterdam ?
what is the name of the festival that the celebration after ramadan ?
what position did russell wilson play as a baseball player ?
who wrote the book of love the monotones ?
who did elton john wrote candle in the wind for ?
when did louis armstrong make what a wonderful world ?
what kind of english is the king james bible written in ?
tourist visit the golden temple in this state ?
when was the last time lfc won the league ?
what is uma from descendants 2 real name ?
what is the official language of the united nations ?
when was the last time la dodgers won the world series ?
how does california economy rank in the world ?
where is the soccer world cup taking place this year ?
who declared the english monarch supreme head of the church ?
who are the main actors in harry potter ?
who wrote the song the dance by garth brooks ?
who does the voice for how its made ?
when did they start changing the clocks in the uk ?
who wrote the book tale of two cities ?
who is the actress who played princess leia ?
what films has the song sweet home alabama been in ?
where did the spanish american war of independence take place ?
when did shakespeare write the merchant of venice ?
who is the oldest president to be elected ?
what is the basis of china in claiming spratly islands ?
who played atticus finch in the movie to kill a mockingbird ?
is electricity in a house ac or dc ?
where is the pinot noir grape variety grown in france ?
number of languages spoken in the united states ?
which country is the biggest population in the world ?
who plays randall's wife on this is us ?
who wrote the song mary did you know ?
what movie was the song cotton eye joe in ?
who wrote the books of the new testament ?
when did the first zelda game come out ?
who plays maggie in days of our lives ?
when was the last time the ravens went to the playoffs ?
who played barney in all in the family ?
what city is home to the international court of justice ?
what is the old name for south africa ?
who plays peter florrick in the good wife ?
where did the battle of kadesh take place ?
what category of instruments do synthesizers fall in ?
who plays burt in i can only imagine ?
where do the chargers play in los angeles ?
what does tt isle of man stand for ?
when was michael jordan inducted into the hall of fame ?
where can oil be found in the united states ?
what is the name of redmi y1 in china ?
what is the subway in new york called ?
when did canada last qualify for the world cup ?
when did the japanese surrender in the philippines ?
where was welcome to the jungle movie filmed ?
who does the my brother my brother and me intro ?
when did the army air corps become air force ?
tatler a literary and a society journal begun by which essayist ?
what was scotland called before it was called scotland ?
who played max on the george lopez show ?
when did the wild card start in baseball ?
who wrote fantastic beasts and where to find them movie ?
who is the heisman trophy award named after ?
who plays susan's mom on desperate housewives ?
palestine was under the official control of what country prior to the creation of israel ?
who did the seahawks win against in the super bowl ?
who founded the first colony in north carolina ?
what kind of music is played at edc ?
who played god in monty python and the holy grail ?
on which coast of barbados is the capital bridgetown ?
who does the voice for yoda in the starwars films ?
how many schools are in knox county tn ?
when was the last time the astro won the world series ?
who is known as the father of the science ?
what war was the movie patriot based on ?
who plays mike ehrmantraut on better call saul ?
how do you call a person from sweden ?
what did gwyneth paltrow won her oscar for ?
where is the lincoln memorial located in dc ?
who is nico rosberg driving for in 2017 ?
where did chad from high school musical go to college ?
antonio's role in the merchant of venice ?
where do the majority of canadian citizens live ?
what are the major exports of new zealand ?
what is the highest peak in the smokies ?
who is the voice of marlin in finding nemo ?
who won the first mvp award in basketball ?
where is hamleys toy shop in london located ?
this individual established a link between microbes and disease ?
who voiced the joker in batman the animated series ?
when did michael jordan play basketball in the nba ?
when did new kids on the block come out ?
where did the nets play in new jersey ?
when did the cask of amontillado take place ?
who is julie having an affair with on desperate housewives ?
what city was the first capital of texas ?
who represents the crown in a british colony ?
who were the leaders of the battle of chickamauga ?
what is the second book in the game of thrones ?
in which tradition do lamas play an important role ?
where did the portuguese first land in brazil ?
who played batgirl in the 1966 tv series ?
what was samantha's cousin's name on bewitched ?
who wrote the journey to the center of the earth ?
when did the heart become associated with love ?
who played in the world series in 1980 ?
who played the belly dancer in bachelor party ?
who plays chuck's wife on last man standing ?
how many islands are included in the federated states of micronesia ?
who plays sydney driscoll in pretty little liars ?
what is the capital city of the philippines ?
where was the adam sandler movie blended filmed ?
who did john legend wrote all of me about ?
where does the last name pitt come from ?
who did the song the night chicago died ?
which nfl team has more super bowl appearances ?
who played ralph furley on three's company ?
who does mila kunis play on family guy ?
when did the miami marlins became a team ?
how many times have the dodgers met the yankees in the world series ?
when was the supreme judicial court of massachusetts established ?
who is the executive director of alpha kappa alpha ?
who was the first president to live in the white house in dc ?
who played bette midler's son in first wives club ?
what is the name of current indian president ?
where did the sf giants used to play ?
who sings the theme song for the bourne movies ?
where does it rain the most in texas ?
when did the first country adopted time zones ?
who plays duke orsino in she's the man ?
who was the most recent president to be impeached ?
what country's flag is orange white and green ?
actor that plays daryl on the walking dead ?
when is the new justice league movie coming out ?
who played the little boy in indiana jones ?
this asian country was once ruled by both the mughal and the british empires ?
who plays sherman in mr peabody and sherman ?
how many seat required to form government in pakistan ?
what type of business is the company charter communications ?
who was the president when texas became a state ?
taylor from the real housewives of beverly hills husband ?
who played in the first star is born ?
who is the acting director general of nafdac ?
when did billy elliot the musical come out ?
how many countries can i travel with new zealand passport ?
who plays donna on bold and the beautiful ?
actor who plays ben in parks and rec ?
who coaches the nba all star game 2018 ?
who did the toronto maple leafs draft this year ?
when did massachusetts become a part of the united states ?
how many episodes of schitts creek in season 4 ?
what region of the world is russia in ?
when did the battle of antietam take place ?
who founded the platonic academy of philosophy in florence ?
santiago the capital of chile is in what region ?
who wrote whitney houston how will i know ?
which city in taiwan is larger kaohsiung or taichung ?
who plays amy grant in the movie i can only imagine ?
where was the movie the grey filmed at ?
who played mr smith in lost in space ?
who is the current president of the sadc ?
who is the original singer of leaving on a jet plane ?
why was there so much interest in cuba both before and after the civil war ?
who wrote baby you're a rich man ?
which country in the uk has the highest population ?
who is the head of government in morocco ?
who sang the song chuck e's in love ?
who is the head of state in luxembourg ?
how many terms can a governor serve in oklahoma ?
who is the oscar-winning star of the film the song of bernadette ?
when did brazil organize its first world cup ?
who did denver play in the super bowl ?
when did arabic overtake coptic as the language most used in egypt ?
what is the surface at the australian open ?
where was the movie the last survivors filmed ?
who has the highest approval rating for president ?
who was leader of japan during pearl harbor ?
where was the movie we are marshall filmed ?
when did astros last go to world series ?
in the southern hemisphere what is the direction of surface wind movement about a tropical cyclone ?
when was the last time the knicks made it to the finals ?
the state capital of the us state of montana ?
who plays brandy braxton in austin and ally ?
where was the movie free state of jones filmed ?
when did lionel messi score his first goal ?
who has voiced a character in every pixar movie ?
what percentage of the world's population is indigenous ?
where is the new soccer stadium in miami ?
who plays taylor vaughan in she's all that ?
when is the last time the flyers won a stanley cup ?
who played the holographic doctor on star trek ?
when did the houston rockets win the nba championship ?
when was the first afl game played in australian ?
where was the movie fathers and daughters filmed ?
who was the lead singer of la guns ?
list of countries in the horn of africa ?
what natural feature forms most of the border between laos and thailand ?
the leader of iraq during the persian gulf war was ?
who was the leader of the indian tribe located at sand creek ?
who was the first president of i n c ?
who did deion sanders play for in nfl ?
where is area code 406 located in usa ?
what network is t mobile on in the usa ?
when did the atlanta braves last win the world series ?
who is the actress that plays nikki on blue bloods ?
lg electronic traces its origin to which company ?
what mountain range is the blue mountains part of ?
who plays joe in madea's family reunions ?
what is the population of michigan city indiana ?
who beat the texas rangers in the world series ?
charlie and the chocolate factory charlies last name ?
who played michael jackson in the jackson 5 movie ?
who was the oldest person elected president of the united states ?
who played robin hood in the tv series ?
where was the setting for the movie deliverance ?
what breed was the turner and hooch dog ?
when did manchester united win the uefa super cup ?
when are state of the union addresses given ?
that 70's show cast jackie's mom ?
who is the owner of what's app ?
what does gop in american politics stand for ?
who has the power to negotiate treaties with other countries ?
when did the tv show dallas first air ?
where is the new dallas cowboys stadium located ?
where does the euphrates river begin and end ?
who is the author of the spiderwick chronicles ?
who played piscatella in orange is the new black ?
what season of the bachelorette was dean on ?
who does the voice on how i met your mother ?
who was one of the few female pharaohs that ruled egypt ?
where is the juan de fuca plate located ?
amusement park on north carolina south carolina border ?
what character does michael keaton play in minions ?
when was ankara made the capital of turkey ?
where did the eagles quarterback play college football ?
what unit of measurement is used in mexico ?
who is the current starting quarterback for the minnesota vikings ?
where did the super bowl take place this year ?
when does the south west wind blow in nigeria ?
ny city that's home to cornell university ?
when did sweden change to right hand drive ?
who is coaching the usa men's basketball team ?
what percentage of the uk population say they have no religion ?
how many episodes are in the crown on netflix ?
where was the tv show in the heat of the night filmed at ?
who wrote to make you feel my love garth brooks ?
what was the capital of brazil before brasilia ?
when did the bulls win their first championship ?
when did georgia state get a football team ?
who won super bowl between eagles and patriots ?
who did miami play in the bowl game ?
who is the judge most recently appointed to the high court of australia ?
who did the bulls play in 92 finals ?
who played nick the bartender in it's a wonderful life ?
who played the little girl in the movie waterworld ?
who plays mike in the movie the boss ?
who is the leader of the national party in nz ?
what state was the first state in the united states ?
which nba team did lebron james go to ?
who was the lead singer in dr hook ?
who do you think you are production company ?
who did bet lynch marry in coronation street ?
how many geographical regions are there in canada ?
how many cl trophies does real madrid have ?
what region of the united states is wyoming in ?
how many players on a cs go team ?
when is the new ghostbusters movie coming out ?
what is the political system in the usa ?
who was the director of the movie coco ?
where was the tv show mystery road filmed ?
when did michael jackson released his first album ?
who plays jacob in nightmare on elm street 5 ?
when was berlin split into east and west ?
where does the story of king david start ?
who plays juliets partner in psych the movie ?
when did einhard write the life of charlemagne ?
who plays the voice of marlin in finding nemo ?
who plays lily in power rangers jungle fury ?
who does barry allen fall in love with ?
who was the dolphins qb when they went undefeated ?
what is the nz rugby league team called ?
what was the terrain like on the santa fe trail ?
who coached the dallas cowboys after barry switzer ?
who played skeeter's mother in the help ?
where did the current cleveland browns come from ?
who's the actor that plays freddy krueger ?
who was the king of england in 1888 ?
when did arsenal last won uefa champions league ?
what is the new capital of sri lanka ?
what mountain range runs along the borders of italy france and switzerland ?
who is the new judge of supreme court ?
how many cities in the state of michigan ?
who is the general manager of the st louis cardinals ?
which asian country has four written languages but only one spoken language ?
where is the new york jets stadium located ?
when did french become official language of canada ?
who married robin in how i met your mother ?
who was named mvp for super bowl i ?
who was the founder of buddhism and when was it founded ?
when did the movie american made come out ?
where did belgium come in the world cup ?
in which countries is russian the official language ?
how many levels are in the great pyramid of giza ?
where did the dominican republic get their independence from ?
how many royal parks are there in london ?
what is the mascot for the new orleans saints ?
who played tom joad in grapes of wrath ?
who plays the mother in a series of unfortunate events ?
who played the riddler in the original batman movie ?
who wrote have a little faith in me ?
what is the wealthiest country in the middle east ?
when did michael jackson's thriller come out ?
what country has the largest economy in africa ?
who wrote the music for finian's rainbow ?
when was the original stephen king it made ?
when is the next maze runner movie coming out ?
who was the president when the depression started ?
who was entombed in the great pyramid of giza ?
when was mickey mouse created by walt disney ?
where was the battle of shiloh fought in the civil war ?
who proposed a theory of evolution based on acquired characteristics ?
who played drums on the end by the beatles ?
who is the current us army chief of staff ?
what is the name of parliament of britain ?
the term that means disease of the endocrine system is ?
where does the great allegheny passage start in pittsburgh ?
who wrote the national anthem of new zealand ?
who plays melinda's mother in ghost whisperer ?
what is the highest point in the state of ohio ?
the galápagos islands are part of what country quizlet ?
what is the full meaning of napep in nigeria ?
who wrote the song waiting on the world to change ?
where did elvis get married in blue hawaii ?
how many state representatives are there in illinois ?
who played anakin skywalker in star wars the phantom menace ?
which is the term for the holy law of islam ?
who was called the father of english poetry ?
what does the word photography mean in greek ?
when did indiana became part of the united states ?
what is the unit of measurement in australia ?
when did the republic of cyprus become independent ?
who does the voice for the dad in incredibles 2 ?
who played phil in phil of the future ?
where do the majority metis live in canada ?
who is the japanese ambassador to the us ?
who's running for governor in ga 2018 ?
this is the logical model in which general principles are developed from specific observations ?
who was the first principal of bengal national school and college ?
when was the first railway built in england ?
when did the civilization of ancient egypt begin ?
what channel is the show saving hope on ?
who ruled the holy roman empire in 1509 ?
who played colleen carlton on the young and the restless ?
how did the author of a raisin in the sun die ?
who did chris paul play for in 2016 ?
where is the carter from new jack city ?
who played kit in league of their own ?
who wrote the lyrics for shape of you ?
who was ryan dressed as on the office ?
a wild ride at disneyland park formerly located at the magic kingdom theme park ?
where was the movie why did i get married filmed ?
who played robin hood on the tv series ?
who played jack mccoy on law and order ?
who played guitar on rock and roll animal ?
what does the name rebecca mean in english ?
who won the nobel peace prize in 2010 ?
when did the lombardi trophy get its name ?
where does the vatican get its money from ?
what do you call a person from chihuahua mexico ?
where did the first settlers of canada come from ?
who played young derek hale in season 4 ?
where did the battle of blenheim take place ?
who did the voice for simba in lion king ?
who is the mom on how i met ?
what is the purpose of a chinese tea ceremony ?
what year was the first king of england crowned ?
where is national open university located in abuja ?
what two bodies of water does the isthmus of panama separate ?
what language is the king james version of the bible ?
where was the clock tower in back to the future filmed ?
when did stephen king write the book it ?
who was the first ruler of the western roman empire ?
when did stoke get promoted to the premier league ?
what spacecraft used the gravitational pull of the planet jupiter ?
what movie was the song chasing cars in ?
who wrote the script for gone with the wind ?
who won mvp of the national football league ?
who played billy in the year of living dangerously ?
which country in europe has the biggest population ?
when did hershey park open to the public ?
where are the majority of marine organisms found ?
who wrote the book playing it my way ?
who played the most consecutive games in the nfl ?
which monarch separated england from the catholic church ?
how many different forms of art are there ?
where did the sky is falling come from ?
where does the movie me before you take place ?
is new jersey a state or a city ?
what is the meaning of khalsa in punjabi ?
which airport does ryanair fly into in copenhagen ?
how big was katrina when it hit florida ?
who plays rick sanchez in rick and morty ?
where does the river jordan flow out into ?
what was the egyptian guide to the afterlife called ?
how many episodes is ray donovan season 5 ?
what do you call a judge in south africa ?
who is the actor in the nights avicii ?
who wrote the book the mountain between us ?
who plays luke's dad on the oc ?
who established the first committee of correspondence in boston in 1772 and why ?
how many episodes are in season 4 of greys anatomy ?
what commodity is much of venezuelas economy based ?
who takes over for the president if he cannot fulfill his duty ?
what are the major imports of new zealand ?
which vice president worked under three different presidents in india ?
when did the philippines become an independent country ?
who played rodney dangerfield son in back to school ?
who wrote the song where do you go to my lovely ?
who played freddy krueger in freddy vs jason ?
where was the institutes of the christian religion published ?
who is the author of she's dating the gangster ?
who wrote house of the rising sun bob dylan ?
who owned the new york yankees before george steinbrenner ?
the passage of which act led colonial leaders to form the first continental congress ?
who does michael end up with in the office ?
who is the actor that plays raj on big bang theory ?
who sold more albums kanye or taylor swift ?
when was jana gana mana accepted as national anthem ?
who is the musical superstar that helped justin bieber get started ?
what are the houses in san francisco called ?
who is the actor that plays paul on days of our lives ?
who played the mummy in the movie the mummy ?
the flash season 4 episode 17 release date ?
what is the name of the hong kong airline owned by cathay pacific ?
who did permian play in friday night lights ?
who was fighting in the russian civil war ?
when did martin luther king jr day become a national holiday ?
who wrote see you again by miley cyrus ?
where does pacific time zone start in idaho ?
where is the civil war in turkey located ?
who plays cogsworth in beauty and the beast 2017 ?
who played lois lane in the original superman series ?
who plays jason crouse on the good wife ?
where is american airlines hub in the us ?
when did michael jordan join the chicago bulls ?
when did andres iniesta start playing for barcelona ?
when is the election for new jersey governor ?
what is in a pumpkin spice latte at starbucks ?
who plays larry in a series of unfortunate events ?
which amusement park holds the record for most rides ?
where did the last name fox originate from ?
what is the primary language in south africa ?
how many ritz hotels are there in the world ?
who plays kate's husband in this is us ?
what is the area code for the state of hawaii ?
where does the isbn go in a citation ?
how many teams are in the ncaa football ?
who was the actor who played the banjo in deliverance ?
what is the currency used in vatican city ?
when did spain win their first world cup ?
who was the actress in tupac video brenda got a baby ?
who is the most award winning actor in india ?
who is the newly elected prime minister of papua new gunia ?
how many books are in the valuetales series ?
what nfl quarterback has the most interceptions in one game ?
who is the guy that plays matt on fuller house ?
who played jason in friday the 13th jason lives ?
who does liam neeson play in star wars 1 ?
when did english start using the latin alphabet ?
what are the major hubs for united airlines ?
what region of the world is india in ?
who is leading in the new jersey governor race ?
who are the six nations of the iroquois confederacy ?
where do they fly to in pretty woman ?
number of american casualties in world war ii ?
what marvel movie is after iron man 3 ?
when did the verizon guy switched to sprint ?
when did jamaica start using dollars and cents ?
new zealand is a part of what continent ?
where did the shogun live during the edo period ?
who played stefano dimera in days of our lives ?
what is the roller coaster capital of the world ?
what is the greek word for city state ?
where does australia rank by alcohol consumption per capita ?
who played ned pepper in the original true grit ?
how many states are there in the union of the united states ?
what percentage of us population has high school diploma ?
what are the two largest cities in africa ?
who won chris daughtry's american idol season ?
who is the oldest player currently playing in the nba ?
who was the lead actor in movie toile ek prem katha ?
where did hurricane andrew do the most damage ?
where is the head of the new river ?
when was the necklace by guy de maupassant written ?
who votes for the winners of los premios juventud ?
what was the first bring it on movie called ?
where is the data stored in google drive ?
who plays jennifer on days of our lives ?
which mountains extend through the center of greece ?
what is the name of the governor of cross river state ?
who was the founder of the presbyterian church ?
who voices donald duck in the new ducktales ?
who hit the first home run at great american ballpark ?
who played jason on wanted dead or alive ?
when did horrid henry the movie come out ?
who played mr kidd in diamonds are forever ?
where is the tanami desert located in australia ?
when did the panthers go to the super bowl ?
when did the marlies last win the calder cup ?
what is the capital of the cayman islands ?
who plays alan dershowitz in oj simpson series ?
where does the last name leonard originate from ?
who played for boston milwaukee and atlanta braves ?
who did matthew gray gubler play in batman assault on arkham ?
who wrote have you been to jail for justice ?
who is the original singer of and i am telling you ?
what is the name of michael jackson dance ?
where was adventures of the wilderness family filmed ?
where does anthem of the seas sail from ?
the former portuguese colony that is now a special administrative region of china is ?
where does the last name patino come from ?
5 types of prayer in the catholic church ?
who won the battle of sexes tennis match ?
who sings hawaiian version of over the rainbow ?
who's the head of the executive branch of the government ?
who played the bride of frankenstein in the original movie ?
where is the university of florida gators located ?
where did jose rizal wrote noli me tangere ?
who played in the original odd couple tv show ?
what is the largest province in bicol region ?
what is the value of the united states ?
who played lois lane in superman tv series ?
how many stories is the westin in atlanta ?
who was the dallas cowboys quarterback in 2002 ?
in the 1st century bc egypt became a colony of ?
state of hospitality is to which state in nigeria ?
who wrote the book call me by your name ?
when did the first nations arrive in canada ?
who starred in the movie whatever happened to baby jane ?
who won best original song at the oscars ?
who does chris marry in parks and rec ?
who does paul's voice in the movie paul ?
who is the chief of staff at the white house ?
the actress that plays sue heck on the middle ?
what region of the world is sudan in ?
who played the sister in back to the future ?
where are the ozark mountains located in oklahoma ?
when was the first friday the 13th movie released ?
what engine is in the audi r8 v10 ?
she played spike lee's girlfriend in do the right thing ?
who played vince fontaine in the movie grease ?
where were the olympics held in the us ?
when does christmas start in the catholic church ?
who is the minister for defence in ireland ?
whos the voice of how i met your mother ?
what is the meaning of the nigerian flag ?
who plays liam on season 8 of shameless ?
who is the president of costa rica 2017 ?
who commanded the british army at yorktown virginia ?
what water does the golden gate bridge cross ?
when did kirby smart play for the university of georgia ?
who is the actor that plays carlisle in twilight ?
when did the last civil war vet die ?
who was crowned king after a period of commonwealth rule in england ?
who plays the exorcist girl in scary movie 2 ?
when was the first ever baseball game played ?
who was the soviet premier when the soviet union collapsed in 1991 formally ending the cold war ?
who wins the golden boot in the world cup ?
when did the washington redskins last win the super bowl ?
who has played for the most teams in the nhl ?
when did the chicago white sox win the world series ?
who won the liberal leadership in british columbia ?
who plays emma's mom on baby daddy ?
how many times did the red sox win the world series ?
who played robert's mother on grace and frankie ?
who led an all black american cavalry unit ?
who played lily walsh on as the world turns ?
when was the democratic republic of vietnam founded ?
when did the panama canal started being built ?
in which region of spain is the city of segovia located ?
when did whitney houston's first album come out ?
who was the last canadian hockey team to win the cup ?
what is the primary language in the bahamas ?
when did derrick rose go to the cavaliers ?
who plays the voice of iago in aladdin ?
who played buford t justice in smokey and the bandit ?
where does the sun rise south of the equator ?
who scored the winning goal in last seasons fa cup final ?
who is the owner of barcelona football club ?
what is the only u.s. state to have a motto in italia ?
which movie won the best picture award at 89th oscar academy award held in 2017 ?
who is the senior senator from new york ?
who played legolas in the lord of the rings ?
where does the sangamon river start and end ?
whos the lead singer of fall out boy ?
where is the mls cup being played this year ?
who were the main countries involved in the cold war ?
who elects the president in the united states ?
who wrote the quote dont judge a book by its cover ?
what is canada's most popular spectator sport ?
when does the world series begin this year ?
who plays matt murdock's dad in daredevil ?
what languages are spoken in colombia besides spanish ?
when was the last time the toronto maple leafs won-stanley-cup ?
what is the parent company for all toyota divisions worldwide ?
how many countries are there in asian continent ?
who is the present attorney general of the united states ?
vivaldi's quattro stagione is a musical depiction of ?
where is glastonbury on the map of uk ?
who played john in night of the hunter ?
when did the british raj begin and end ?
who is responsible for creating the standards used on the internet ?
where does baz luhrmann romeo and juliet take place ?
how long did david beckham play for psg ?
when did the new audi a4 come out ?
where was the movie time after time filmed ?
who went before michael jordan in the draft ?
who played miss jean brodie in the tv series ?
who was the president of russia in 1989 ?
where is texas located in the united states ?
the individual most responsible for initiating portuguese voyages of exploration was ?
when was the last time the colorado rockies won the world series ?
where was the movie war of the worlds filmed ?
what are the dates of atlantic hurricane season ?
where do the definitions on google come from ?
where did pete maravich play in the nba ?
who played sheriff branford in smokey and the bandit ?
the battle of saratoga took place in what state ?
where does the bridgewater canal start and end ?
where does the movie family stone take place ?
what city in france was originally a greek state ?
who is the actress who plays flo in the progressive commercials ?
who wrote shes got a way with words ?
where are dollar bills made in the us ?
who was the first governor of reserve bank of india ?
where is the office of the comptroller of the currency located ?
who is considered to be the first pope of the christian church ?
who wrote the music for robin hood prince of thieves ?
what county is rapid city south dakota in ?
which south african recently held a high position in the african union ?
what is the name of the president of austria ?
who is the president of the united states ?
what kind of paint did edgar degas use ?
what is the southern end of the appalachian trail ?
who does the voice of peter in peter rabbit ?
which country is the source of the river danube ?
who played michael corleone's first wife in the godfather ?
who played teenage superman in man of steel ?
where was call me by your name filmed in italy ?
when did the st louis rams win the superbowl ?
who played holly in the brady bunch movie ?
the near eastern area that was known in the ancient world as persia is today called ?
what is the meaning of hanan in arabic ?
the two states that are not contiguous with the rest of the united states are ?
is most of turkey located in europe or asia ?
when did the cowboys win their first super bowl ?
who originated the role of dolly in hello dolly ?
who played the title character in mohan joshi hazir ho ?
which united states president outlined four freedoms in a state of the union address ?
when did the last jason movie come out ?
who was the head of the senate committee that began hearings to investigate the watergate break-in ?
who was the actress that played dorothy in the wizard of oz ?
who does the voice for lois on family guy ?
when did panama canal go back to panama ?
what is the size of the chinese economy ?
how many seasons was breaking bad on tv ?
who is the actor that plays the hound ?
when did the first zoo open in the world ?
what year did the new york yankees win their first world series ?
when did the royal family take the name windsor ?
when did coventry become part of west midlands ?
how many countries are a part of the united nations ?
who is the best selling country artist of all time ?
who played charlie in the charlie's angels movie ?
which alliance was formed as a reaction to the north atlantic treaty organization (nato) ?
who does the french footballer mbappe play for ?
who give music to the song sare jahan se acha ?
what is the name of the island of haiti and dominican republic ?
where does language come from in the brain ?
who wrote the music for shakespeare in love ?
who wrote the music for the night manager ?
who lead north korea in the korean war ?
who won the femina miss india world in 2015 ?
who was the second woman appointed to the supreme court ?
who led the soviet union from the mid 1920s to 1953 ?
when was the first edition of harry potter published ?
where is national open university of nigeria located ?
what does the new season of ncis start ?
who starred in west side story the movie ?
when did the oldest civil war veteran died ?
who plays dr edwards on grey's anatomy ?
who played david banner in the original hulk ?
which actor plays the superhero character black panther in the movie of the same name ?
who was the first us president born in america ?
what is the difference between indonesian and malay ?
where is el paso texas located in texas ?
who was canada's longest serving prime minister ?
who plays nathan scott on one tree hill ?
who plays scott on young and the restless ?
who presides over debates in the parliament of ghana ?
who is in charge of ford motor company ?
where is the surname written in a chinese name ?
when was the first residential school in canada opened ?
sri guru gobind singh college of commerce location ?
when did the last known civil war veteran died ?
what is the african american population in minneapolis ?
what did audrey hepburn do for a living ?
where is the largest desert in the world located ?
which president organized the trade missions to japan ?
who did the movie i can only imagine ?
when was the last time celtics won nba championship ?
when did the us put sanctions on iran ?
where does the colorado river enter the gulf of mexico ?
when did the uk start changing the clocks ?
what is the setting of the play macbeth ?
who did the dominican republic gain independence from ?
how many times have the lakers won the finals ?
who is the world's best selling fiction author ?
who does the 2017 monday night football song ?
who did the cubs beat last year to win the world series ?
who wrote the music for bring it on the musical ?
who played elizabeth in when calls the heart ?
when did the oil boom start in texas ?
when was the chesapeake bay bridge tunnel built ?
who killed the cop killer in the mentalist ?
where are newcastle united in the premier league ?
what is the zip code for san luis potosi mexico ?
where does the name du plessis come from ?
when did the welsh language became a core subject in the national curriculum in wales ?
what is the name of the sea surrounding dubai ?
who does don draper marry in season 5 ?
at the county level of government in california power is held by ?
what is richard's last name in tommy boy ?
who plays strider in lord of the rings ?
how many times did red sox win world series ?
who did the boston celtics draft this year ?
where did the monarchs live before buckingham palace ?
the first person to use the word geography was ?
when did the dallas cowboys come into the nfl ?
where does the owner of in n out live ?
who won the first oscar for best actress ?
where does tale of two cities take place ?
when did the us dollar become reserve currency ?
english ornothologist who wrote a history of british birds ?
what president is named in the theme song to all in the family ?
what war is in the wonder woman movie ?
who killed his father and married his mother ?
when was facebook first opened to the public ?
name of a country that starts with y ?
who plays on the suite life of zack and cody ?
who plays cinderella's father in the 2015 movie ?
who is the song sweet caroline written about ?
who plays dr. k in this is us ?
what is the significance of baghdad in islam ?
who was the french explorer who established quebec ?
when did tampa bay lightning win the stanley cup ?
when did the museum of the american revolution open ?
who inspired arthur conan doyle to create his fictional character sherlock holmes ?
who is on the cover of life of pablo ?
who did america fight in the revolutionary war ?
who played jessica in man from snowy river ?
who designed the nigerian flag and in what year ?
where was where the wild things are movie filmed ?
how many ethnic groups are there in cameroon ?
where did the red fox come from originally ?
chief legal officer of the scottish government crossword clue ?
who is the head of the government in france ?
who plays laney in she's all that ?
where does google maps get its satellite images from ?
when did the last person in the civil war die ?
who won the world baseball classic this year ?
next asian game will be held in which country ?
a list new york cast where are they now ?
who was the actor who played mike franks on ncis ?
who plays jacob's mom in the following ?
where do the boston redsox play their home matches ?
where did the southern song have their capital ?
where is the mark twain national forest located ?
when was the great sphinx of giza discovered ?
what type of political system does kenya have ?
who establishes the rules about naturalization of citizens ?
who is the actress that plays amara on supernatural ?
scholars estimate the palace of knossos may have been approximately how many stories tall ?
who is the artist who painted the scream ?
who played the fugitive in the tv show ?
who plays ben stiller's son in meet the fockers ?
who plays the voice of rapunzel in the movie tangled ?
who is the actor who plays cam on modern family ?
when were the canadian breeds ancestors imported to canada ?
who is the spiritual leader of the church of england ?
who is the prime minister of pakistan right now ?
who played john ross ewing in the original dallas ?
who produced tupac movie all eyez on me ?
what beatles songs does paul play drums on ?
who is the lead singer of pure prairie league ?
who played gandalf in lord of the rings trilogy ?
where in the bible is the story of the birth of jesus ?
where does dan go to college in gossip girl ?
the pledge of allegiance is an example of which language register ?
who won best female rap artist at bet awards ?
who played judas in jesus christ super star live ?
who has the most thrown interceptions in nfl history ?
where did the shooting of student of the year take place ?
what are the names of the harry potter books ?
name of actor who plays mayhem in allstate commercials ?
who made the super mario bros theme song ?
who plays batman in the lego batman movie ?
who has written the national anthem of bangladesh ?
who is the irish ambassador to the united states ?
in what year did japan attack pearl harbor ?
when did descendants of the sun start filming ?
who plays general gage in sons of liberty ?
who wrote born to be wild by steppenwolf ?
angola and mozambique were once colonies of which country ?
who plays noah newman on the young and restless ?
who lived at the san francisco solano mission ?
when was the lion witch and wardrobe written ?
who played in the first hockey game ever ?
who ran for president in the election of 1892 ?
what movie has come on eileen in it ?
how many times has england been at war with france ?
when was honolulu chosen as hawaii's capital ?
what's the capital city of the republic of ireland ?
how many seasons of america's got talent are there ?
when was the last time the red sox were in the world series ?
do nz citizens need a visa for hong kong ?
who does the demon voice in death note ?
what is the official language of brazil today ?
who plays joe's voice in family guy ?
what county is old forge new york in ?
who was the president who died of pneumonia ?
how many troops did russia have in ww1 ?
who fell from power after the battle of saipan ?
when did the battle of bosworth begin and end ?
who played larry darryl and darryl on newhart ?
where is the number of french speakers increasing ?
who played john boy walton on the waltons ?
who flies out of clearwater st pete airport ?
what movie did angelina jolie won an oscar for ?
who wrote the first book about king arthur ?
who was the author of geronimo stilton books ?
how many languages are recognised by indian constitution ?
who plays rita repulsa in power rangers movie ?
when was disney's coronado springs resort built ?
which country shares a border with jordan and iraq ?
origin of separation of church and state in america ?
who played vincent in nanny mcphee and the big bang ?
who played paul robinette on law & order ?
who played the saxophone on long as i can see the light ?
what is the cash reserve ratio in india ?
to which nation does the sinai peninsula belong ?
why is part of oregon in mountain time ?
who plays chuck on the tv show chuck ?
who was the land of canaan named after ?
where were the greek gods thought to live ?
what is the goal of meditation for buddhist ?
where does river benue and river niger meet ?
who was the book of daniel written by ?
what was the vei of mt. st. helens ?
rise of the planet of the apes movie heroine name ?
which r.e.m. album reached number one on both sides of the atlantic ?
who played alotta fagina in austin powers movie ?
who is credited with creating the show the voice ?
when did the british empire become the british commonwealth ?
what is alison's moms name in pll ?
which surah is known as the heart of the quran ?
who are the supreme court justices right now ?
who sang the theme song for the life of brian ?
who played forney's sister in where the heart is ?
what song did elton john wrote for marilyn monroe ?
when was the first blu ray movie released ?
who plays zhukov in the death of stalin ?
who played the little boy in the movie big daddy ?
who played carlton on fresh prince of bel-air ?
who will be home team for world series ?
who played big sam in gone with the wind ?
who played hank pym's daughter in ant man ?
what type of french is spoken in canada ?
who is in demi lovato sorry not sorry video ?
which nba player has played the most seasons ?
who plays ryuk in the movie death note ?
who won the football super bowl last year ?
cow is the national animal of which country ?
who was the president when south carolina seceded ?
when was the first zoo opened in the us ?
who played for liverpool everton man utd man city ?
how many rebounds did wilt chamberlain averaged per game ?
who did golden state play in the playoffs last year ?
which country is e on a number plate ?
which of the indian language is known as italian of the east ?
what nfl team has been to most super bowls ?
who did the soviet union fight in the cold war ?
movie indiana jones and the last crusade cast ?
who played dana in the movie true lies ?
who played the emperor in revenge of the sith ?
when did lebron james join the cleveland cavaliers ?
when was the first mama mia movie made ?
where did the titanic ship take off from ?
who starred in love is a many splendored thing ?
when did the first harry potter book get published ?
how many square miles is the state of massachusetts ?
what is the dominant religion in puerto rico ?
who did elizabeth bennet marry in pride and prejudice ?
where did the movie the notebook take place ?
who is the owner of tom and jerry ?
what form of government is used in norway ?
what is the name of paul mccartney's first solo album ?
who played the title role in maisie raine ?
who did mary tudor sister of henry viii marry ?
what is the capital of the state of delaware ?
filming location of indiana jones and the last crusade ?
where was the first aldi store in uk ?
who is the actor that plays taylor on billions ?
who wrote the music for rocky horror picture show ?
how many districts are there in new jersey ?
who are the native speakers of english language ?
when did the ussr change its name to russia ?
how many episodes in season 3 of ash vs evil dead ?
where was the television show daniel boone filmed ?
which parts of the bible are in aramaic ?
what is chelsea real name from that so raven ?
how many students attend school in the united states ?
when was the city of los angeles founded ?
who did wilt chamberlain play for in the nba ?
who did el salvador get their independence from ?
actress who starred in films including pretty woman and notting hill ?
who plays king george vi in the crown ?
who did the los angeles lakers defeat in the 2000 nba finals ?
who played the role of indian jones in the movie series ?
who is at present the president of india ?
actor who played jamie on one tree hill ?
where was very merry daughter of the bride filmed ?
who conspired in italy to bring about a revolution ?
which one is the biggest province in south africa ?
which nation is know as land of morning calm ?
who played don corleone's daughter in the godfather ?
who will replace the president if he dies ?
what is the name of the capital city of belgium ?
when did the hoover dam started being built ?
what was the name of robin williams last movie ?
who was president of the usa in 2000 ?
when were the texas rangers baseball team established ?
where is the next step filmed in canada ?
when did the flyers win the stanley cup ?
who was australia fighting against in the vietnam war ?
who plays the mother in how i met your mother ?
who does selena gomez play in bubble guppies ?
when was the last time the cowboys won a super bowl ?
is abu dhabi a city or a country ?
when did the lead singer of ac/dc die ?
constantinople was designed to be the center of what religious world ?
when did dallas cowboys go to the superbowl ?
what is the real name of o henry ?
when do they award the nobel peace prize ?
who wrote in the ghetto by elvis presley ?
who wrote the ecclesiastical history of the english nation ?
what type of rock is present at grand canyon national park ?
what is the theme of and the mountains echoed ?
where were the ancient olympics held in greece ?
who played alice garvey on little house on the prairie ?
the word masjid (mosque) literally means a place of ?
what does the gsh stand for on bears jersey ?
what is the role of a makeup artist ?
where does the lopez last name come from ?
what was the name of the typhoon in japan ?
when did the american federation of labor start ?
who played bernie in the movie weekend at bernie's ?
when was the last time the kansas city chiefs went to the superbowl ?
who did the astros play in the 2017 world series ?
who directed the film bend it like beckham ?
how many islands are part of the galapagos ?
who is the speaker of the house of assembly in the bahamas ?
what is the name of the most important jewish text ?
who starred in the movie i can only imagine ?
who played angelina the waitress on everybody loves raymond ?
where did the indiana football coach come from ?
where is the world cup taking place this year ?
what is the state language of arunachal pradesh ?
who did atlanta falcons play in the super bowl ?
who plays batman in the new justice league ?
who does the voice for peter rabbit movie ?
two states that are separated from the rest of the country ?
who played fantine in the original london cast ?
when is the next mayoral election in nyc ?
who plays kensi blye on ncis los angeles ?
who discovered the planets orbit around the sun ?
dogri language is spoken in which state of india ?
who tried to prevent the march on washington ?
major league baseball teams with the most world series wins ?
who is called the morning star in the bible ?
when did the czech republic became a country ?
who wrote the song love on the brain for rihanna ?
who is the artist of the painted the old guitarist ?
where do the toronto blue jays play home games ?
who served the most terms as president of the united states ?
which countries were considered superpowers after world war ii ?
who is the actor of uma in descendants 2 ?
who played josh's brother on young and hungry ?
where is lackland air force base located in texas ?
who has the most rushing touchdowns by a quarterback ?
who sings the song how great is our god ?
who played elsa in indiana jones and the last crusade ?
what does serena williams do for a living ?
who played julia child's in the movie ?
who played annie oakley in the tv series ?
who did the voice of alf on the tv show ?
actor who plays david platt in coronation street ?
who was the guy who shot up the movie theater ?
who illustrated the us harry potter and the sorcerer's stone ?
when did israel adopt the star of david ?
who did vince vaughn play in jurassic park ?
where does the school of athens take place ?
when did kliff kingsbury play for texas tech ?
which of the following is the largest ethnic group in the united states ?
what kind of food is in czech republic ?
when does the movie first reformed come out ?
when did new mexico became a us state ?
who has more hat tricks between messi and ronaldo ?
what is the most teams a mlb player has played for ?
how many rides are in six flags california ?
when did the arizona diamondbacks win a world series ?
what do they call a black and tan in ireland ?
who owns the rights to the panama canal ?
who was a fascist leader in italy who rose to power during the 1920s ?
who won men's us open tennis 2012 ?
movie about a guy with a messed up face ?
who was the father of mary in the bible ?
what is the name of the uva mascot ?
who is running for secretary of state in ohio ?
what is at the mouth of the mississippi river ?
who wrote confessions and the city of god ?
area of france where the allied invasion force landed ?
what season of american horror story has cuba gooding jr ?
where is area code 352 in united states ?
who became the leader of israel following moses death ?
what is the main language in the bahamas ?
where did hurricane irma hit in the united states ?
who were the authors of the federalist and what was the purpose for writing it ?
who is running for us senate in missouri ?
what is the highest mountain in the us ?
which version of the bible does catholic church use ?
how many episodes in the foster season 5 ?
how do you say the capital of iowa ?
who is the successor to the british throne ?
who is the first president of india who had no political affiliation ?
when was israel divided into israel and judah ?
what is the population of cedar rapids iowa ?
who was the mvp last year at super bowl ?
who has more power in russia president or prime minister ?
who did ryan fitzpatrick play for in his career ?
who represents 1st norfolk & middlesex district in the massachusetts senate ?
who plays sara lance in dc legends of tomorrow ?
who did jenny marry in call the midwife ?
in which city royal observatory greenwich is situated ?
who plays tarzan in the legend of tarzan ?
who is the voice actor for natsu in fairy tail ?
which city is the first in the world to be awarded both summer and winter olympics ?
who has played peter barlow in coronation street ?
who is the current secretary of homeland security for the united states ?
what team does chris paul play for in the nba ?
who did colton play for in the nfl ?
who wrote one moment in time by whitney houston ?
what was the original name of the cincinnati reds ?
when is the state of the union address usually given ?
when did david bowie's first album come out ?
who is emma from big brother married to ?
who did the steelers play in the playoffs last year ?
what was luke before he became a disciple ?
who played the band manager in the movie i can only imagine ?
what are the names of the main hawaiian islands ?
who is the oldest nba player to play ?
who is the chief operating officer of facebook ?
when did vatican city become its own country ?
when did google start as a search engine ?
who voices yuri katsuki in the english dub ?
who is the vice president of the us 2017 ?
when did the baseball hall of fame open ?
what is the name of the first movie falz acted ?
where did the expression who dat come from ?
where does ford rank in the auto industry ?
who won best actress in the tony awards ?
what is the c for on football jerseys ?
what kind of art did claude monet paint ?
how many episodes in the tv show the alienist ?
who plays detective murdoch in the murdoch mysteries ?
who sang some enchanted evening in the film ?
what is the name of the currency in south africa ?
who voiced the joker in under the red hood ?
what are the children's names in despicable me ?
who played the boy in chitty chitty bang bang ?
where is the national college championship game played ?
where is the headquarters of the newly formed asian infrastructure investment bank (aiib) located ?
who played lucy in did you hear about the morgans ?
when did colorado become part of the united states ?
when does the new season of ncis los angelos start ?
who built the statue of christ the redeemer ?
who played felix unger in the odd couple ?
when did manchester united last won a trophy ?
when did the bahamas join the commonwealth of nations ?
who starred in saturday night fever with john travolta ?
who was rhett butler in gone with the wind ?
what other kingdom claimed ownership of the northern islands of scotland ?
who did the braves play in the 1995 world series ?
what is the capital city of the northern territory ?
what country is masha and the bear from ?
how many hotels are in new york city ?
who did arsenal play in the champions league final ?
who does jennifer lopez play in ice age ?
who played gibbs in pirates of the caribbean ?
who wrote what do you want from me ?
what is the largest city in canada by area ?
what is the meaning of the name mohsin ?
when was the last time a democrat senator won in alabama ?
who starred in fast and furious tokyo drift ?
where is al-lawh al- mahfudh to be found ?
where did mr holland's opus take place ?
how many acts of worship we have in islam ?
what is the type of government in japan ?
who holds the power in the house of representatives ?
who wrote the song do you know where you're going to ?
how did the us get the ohio river valley ?
where is 530 area code located in california ?
who sings the theme song for the tv show the fosters ?
how many branches of government does florida have ?
where did cavalier king charles spaniel dog originated ?
where is the famous painting of mona lisa housed ?
what is the meaning of the name barbara ?
who played in the world series this year ?
what is the upcoming movie of deepika padukone ?
what is the rhyme scheme of the poem death be not proud by john donne ?
when did the new season of ncis la start ?
who is the actor who plays eleven in stranger things ?
how many british troops were rescued in the 1940 dunkirk evacuation ?
who plays lois lane in superman vs batman ?
where is the kansas city chiefs football stadium located ?
who is the head of the council of ministers ?
who played wilma in the movie the flintstones ?
what's the capital of mexico name in spanish ?
who represents hawaii in the united states senate ?
who sings the song the way you look tonight ?
who is the actor in chitty chitty bang bang ?
when was north carolina founded as a colony ?
the state of hawai'i is located on which tectonic plate ?
where did the caddo tribe in arkansas live ?
who plays jack donaghy in the avery jessup movie ?
which country in africa has the largest population ?
who wrote the music for get him to the greek ?
how many james bond movies are there as of 2015 ?
who played the riddler in batman tv series ?
where did the iran iraq war take place ?
when was the last time the giants were in the world series ?
who plays bob on that 70's show ?
when did jane austen wrote pride and prejudice ?
how many players on a hockey team nhl ?
what is the net worth of united states ?
with whom did china conclude the treaty of wanghia ?
which episode of roseanne does david move in ?
who plays young maggie in maggie's christmas miracle ?
who won the oscar for best movie last year ?
where did they film the movie somewhere in time ?
who is empowered by the constitution to make federal laws ?
who played robin in the tv series batman ?
when did turkey apply to join the eu ?
who is the president of federal republic of nigeria ?
who wrote luke bryan's drink a beer ?
who plays mackenzie in the movie the shack ?
when does the new jersey governor take over ?
this french artist was the most important neoclassical history painter ?
who has the ability to nominate cabinet members ?
who does the voice of rick in rick and morty ?
who played festus on the tv show gunsmoke ?
where did dorothy land in the wizard of oz ?
who is singing the national anthem at this year's superbowl ?
which country produces most of the worlds diamonds ?
who did the warriors play in the finals ?
where does american airlines fly to in california ?
who led the orioles in home runs last year ?
who was the oldest elected president of the united states of america ?
what language is spoken the most in the united states ?
where was kievan rus and why is it named that ?
who owns the rights to the sound of music ?
what is on top of the texas state capitol building ?
who would the aztecs have traded with and why ?
who is the american league home run leader ?
did the movie the graduate win any awards ?
who is the speaker of the house of representatives now 2017 ?
who plays lois lane in man of steel ?
who played mr wally in national lampoon's vacation ?
where is the odd squad tv show filmed ?
who was the prime minister of india in 1997 ?
who played ashley banks on fresh prince of bel-air ?
how many episodes were in season 2 of friday night lights ?
how close is round rock texas to austin texas ?
where do the st louis cardinals do spring training ?
who gave the land for arlington national cemetery ?
what is the supreme law of the united states called ?
who is the owner of the brooklyn nets basketball team ?
who protects the president of the united states ?
what major department official is appointed by the president to deal with foreign countries ?
who is in charge of the us department of veterans affairs ?
who plays summer in school of rock nickelodeon ?
who played winston churchill in the movie darkest hour ?
who's the actor that does the trivago commercials ?
how many johnny english films have there been ?
who played john connor in terminator 2 judgment day ?
when did the vice president stop being elected ?
who was the president of the united states in 1970 ?
who won the popular vote in the 2012 presidential election ?
who was the president when the national anthem was written ?
who died in real life from star trek ?
where does the movie the strangers take place ?
who used to identify themselves through a coat of arms ?
when did the chicago bulls became a team ?
when did super mario bros movie come out ?
who is the owner of rcb cricket team ?
when was the last time the steelers where in the super bowl ?
who wrote the screenplay for the princess bride ?
who is the actor that played jake ryan ?
who is the current government of the central bank of nigeria ?
when did new zealand became its own country ?
what type of government is oceania in 1984 ?
from which country do most visitors to canada originate ?
who is the head coach of real madrid ?
what percent of the uk population is muslim ?
what age did miley cyrus start hannah montana ?
who wrote the song a change is going to come ?
who was the first president that lived in the white house ?
who led the nfl in passing yards this year ?
who is the actress who played wonder woman ?
where does the river dane start and end ?
who voices lois in family guy season 1 ?
when does the governor first appear in walking dead ?
when did queensland first win the sheffield shield ?
who does corey seager's brother play for ?
who wrote the song vaishnav jan to tene kahiye ?
what team was lebron james on before lakers ?
which book is first in the witcher series ?
who is the head of the virgin islands ?
name the continent with which north america has a land link ?
what is the name of the main airport in barbados ?
who is now the prime minister of england ?
what is the population of la spezia italy ?
what country is the cayman islands part of ?
where is yale university located at what state ?
who does josh gad play in ice age ?
with what french artist did neoclassicism find its most perfect expression ?
who did robert de niro play in godfather 2 ?
where did the abbasids moved their capital to ?
khadins and johads are built in which parts of india ?
what is the name of the ballpark in chicago ?
who does the british virgin islands belong to ?
how many grammy awards does whitney houston have ?
who played the part of rachel dawes in the dark knight ?
what is my state if i live in london ?
who has won the most grammys for best rap album ?
who was the actress that played mac on the young and the restless ?
who plays lara croft in the tomb raider movies ?
who does oregon state play in the college world series ?
which republicans senators are up for reelection in 2018 ?
when did lebron james play for the heat ?
who played obi wan kenobi in star wars episode 1 ?
who's the governor of alabama republican or democrat ?
what is the international phone code for canada ?
who was the king of spain in 1600 ?
how many countries are the members of the un ?
who does the voice of dory in finding dory ?
who won the election of 1860 with a platform supporting a transcontinental railroad ?
when's the last time raiders won a superbowl ?
what type of poetry did lewis carroll wrote for his books ?
who played sam adams in sons of liberty ?
who was the president of pakistan in 1958 ?
what is the name of the most recent star wars movie ?
the constitutional convention created which form of legislature ?
what year saw the formation of the brazilian republic ?
sold soul to the devil to play guitar ?
which state is regarded as the seat of caliphate ?
who played shawn hunter in girl meets world ?
who was the mom in how i met your mother ?
who is the movie a star is born written about ?
who was the first executive governor of abia state ?
when did robert frost publish the road not taken ?
who were the leaders of the following countries during the cuban missile crisis united states ?
who wrote the music to the music man ?
actor who played sirius black in harry potter ?
how many us colleges and universities are there ?
who did jeff green play for in the nba ?
who played darth maul in star wars episode 1 ?
who played the elf queen in lord of the rings ?
who has scored the most points in nfl ?
cities with the most skyscrapers in north america ?
who did america fight in the war of 1812 ?
which bennet sister did mr. collins first propose to ?
who played the preacher in the film tommy ?
when was social democratic party established in germany ?
how many inhabited islands are there in scotland ?
last time the mets were in the world series ?
where was a very merry daughter of the bride filmed ?
where did the natives of south america come from ?
who organized the first pan african conference in 1900 ?
how many seasons of the brady bunch were there ?
when did mozart compose his first piece of music ?
who wrote the song the prayer sung by andrea bocelli ?
who wrote if you could read my mind ?
who played lt dan taylor in forrest gump ?
what river forms part of the border between two northwestern states and flows into pacific ocean ?
what are the two federal courts under the supreme court ?
when did santo domingo liberate itself from haiti and change its name to dominican republic ?
who plays vincent van gogh in loving vincent ?
who is known as the founder of modern geography ?
who played the dorothy in the wizard of oz ?
where did they film the movie the outsiders ?
who plays janet in rocky horror picture show ?
what grade does high school start in japan ?
who was the longest living president after leaving office ?
who are the actresses that played in thelma and louise ?
what is the most visited country in south america ?
who is the who is the education minister of india ?
who was the longest serving president in number of terms ?
who played the mother in the original parent trap ?
when did the movie war games come out ?
when was the first shot of the revolutionary war fired ?
who wrote the song i'll see you in my dreams ?
what is the meaning of the name agatha ?
which country is the leading producer of mica ?
who played charlie chan's number one son ?
where did the film saving face take place ?
when does the star trek discovery take place ?
who is the actor that plays rodrick in diary of a wimpy kid ?
when did the steelers win their 1st super bowl ?
where is yale university located city and state ?
what civil war general became governor of new jersey ?
how many countries are served by qantas operations ?
what's the tallest building in the world right now ?
when did presidents start running with vice presidents ?
who plays suranne jones mother in scott & bailey ?
what year is the movie mulan set in ?
who played the king in game of thrones season 1 ?
what is the biggest country in western europe ?
who has the most interceptions in one game ?
when did dwyane wade play for the bulls ?
who won the first contested race for president ?
who plays barry allen in justice league movie ?
are the chicago cubs in the american or national league ?
how many african countries are there in the world ?
where is the all-star game going to be played at ?
what are the five ships of ferdinand magellan ?
who played lawrence of arabia in the film ?
when did city first win the premier league ?
who wrote the book of 1 2 3 john ?
who plays hetty lange on ncis los angeles ?
which female artist either solo or in a group has received the most grammy nominations of all time ?
what name was given to african american who moved to the great plains ?
who won dancing with the stars season 10 ?
how many wins does france have in world cup ?
when was harry potter and the sorcerer’s stone published ?
what is the current name of the country of siam ?
countries in the warsaw pact during the cold war ?
who sang proud mary first tina turner or ccr ?
who plays juliet in the love actually movie ?
who played phoebe's mother on the tv series friends ?
who wrote the book on the down low ?
where are the cnn studios in new york ?
who plays officer garcia in santa clarita diet ?
who does the voice of token on south park ?
what is the second series of percy jackson called ?
who developed the idea of evolution by natural selection ?
what are the 3 fathers names in mamma mia ?
how many movies of the hunger games will there be ?
what team did ronaldo play for in the 2014 world cup ?
who is the constitutional head of government of india ?
where is daniel mentioned in the new testament ?
who has the most points in the nba history ?
who played ashley in the fresh prince of bel-air ?
how many cities are in the state of new york ?
who is the real author of a series of unfortunate events ?
states with highest number of professors in nigeria ?
what was germany before it was called germany ?
when did charles darwin publish the origin of species ?
what type of government structure does the us have ?
who won the world series in the 1960s ?
what county is morehead city north carolina in ?
where was the world cup held in 2010 ?
what is the websites code for the country spain ?
today western european countries have what form of government ?
where did the cavs play before the gund arena ?
who played face on the a team movie ?
who is the band that plays in roadhouse ?
what is the population of the phoenix area ?
when did the war in south sudan start ?
when did the euro became the european currency ?
where is the bridge from bridges of madison county ?
when did nigeria adopt the presidential system of government ?
what part of scandinavia did the vikings come from ?
what is the name of airport in rome italy ?
who played griff in back to the future 2 ?
who played dr burke in grey's anatomy ?
where are cancer treatment centers of america located ?
who lived in apollo's temple at delphi ?
what is the legal age for drinking in italy ?
what car was used in back to the future movie ?
who wrote the script for pirates of the caribbean ?
when were the cave paintings in france created ?
what are three places that mainland greece imported (brought in) goods from ?
who was the actor that played the cowardly lion ?
how far is blue springs from kansas city ?
carol on the real housewives of new york ?
who sang the song a change is going to come ?
when was the suez canal taken by egypt ?
where is the first buc ee's located ?
where did the saying when in rome do as the romans come from ?
when did the guy who played robbie rotten die ?
who does woody harrelson play in hunger games ?
when did houston host the mlb all star game ?
which is the leading coffee producer state in india ?
central american republic that gained independance from spain ?
when did the roosevelt family come to america ?
when was the last time a team won back to back superbowls ?
what happened to guam during the spanish american war ?
who played victor meldrew in one foot in the grave ?
who did the astros beat in the world series ?
where does the arkansas river flow into the mississippi ?
how many percent alcohol is red horse beer ?
who does ryan date in season 4 of the oc ?
when did salt lake city become the capital of utah ?
who is the show love is based off of ?
where are the kings and queens of france buried ?
who was dante and what did he write ?
who is the main character in catch 22 ?
who played sara crewe in a little princess ?
what was the last mary kate and ashley movie ?
who is the father of emma on friends ?
what is the most common language spoken in ghana ?
when were the oldest surviving new testament manuscripts written ?
who plays the dark elf in thor 2 ?
what political party is in power in sweden ?
where does the constitution discuss the authority of the supreme court ?
who plays ra's al ghul daughter in arrow ?
who is the actress that played i dream of jeannie ?
who is the actor who plays jason bourne ?
when was the last time the pittsburgh steelers won the super bowl ?
when did they start speaking english in ireland ?
what determines the number of house of representatives ?
who is known as the father of the internet ?
who votes for winners of los premios juventud ?
who does natalie portman play in the phantom menace ?
who plays han solo and leia's son ?
what kind of money do they use in russia ?
who does bart's voice on the simpsons ?
who won fifa world cup as player and coach ?
who became president after the 1876 presidential election ?
where is the tv show southern charm filmed ?
who was the movie american gangster based on ?
what is rafael from jane the virgin's real name ?
who starred in the movie quigley down under ?
the creator of the star wars film series is ?
who discovered the heating effect of electric current ?
in the movie castaway what kind of ball was wilson ?
who won the final four basketball game last year ?
who is the republican running for governor in california ?
what is the population of phoenix metro area ?
who played cricket in to have and have not ?
who plays david hale on sons of anarchy ?
does belgium have a president or prime minister ?
where do typhoons that reach the philippines form ?
when did austin become the capital of texas ?
when is children's day celebrated in nigeria ?
where did captain america run in washington dc ?
which nfl team has the most super bowl appearance ?
when did the yankees lose the world series ?
who is the largest auto manufacturer in the world ?
who played albus dumbledore in the harry potter movies ?
who played in the original thomas crown affair ?
jaguar is the national animal of which country ?
where did the first great awakening take place ?
who plays the voice of morty on rick and morty ?
who made the city of babylon the center of an empire ?
what did babe ruth do for a living ?
when was the last time the number of supreme court justices was altered ?
who played worf's son on star trek the next generation ?
where was justin bieber's baby music video filmed ?
who was president of the united states in 1963 ?
who won the governor's race in ga ?
who calls the pitches in major league baseball ?
who played loretta lynn father in coal miner daughter ?
what is most common city name in us ?
who is the character at the end of the avengers ?
when was la casa de bernarda alba written ?
when was on the origin of species published ?
what are the 5 largest cities in oklahoma ?
where is the show mom based out of ?
what is the capital city of columbia south america ?
who did tina majorino play in grey's anatomy ?
who did the lakers beat in 2009 finals ?
where did aaron judge play baseball in college ?
where do the kansas city royals play their home games ?
why did many african immigrants come to the united states in the 1600s and 1700s ?
where does the cumberland river begin and end ?
who is the girl on fox and friends ?
who plays the easter bunny in rise of the guardians ?
who is the father of the english language ?
what language do they speak in the virgin islands ?
who was the first popularly elected president of texas ?
doha is the capital city of which country ?
what baseball team holds the record for most world series wins ?
about how much of earth water is freshwater ?
how many halloween micheal myers movies are there ?
what are the main imports of sri lanka ?
what are the names of the supreme court judges ?
how many languages are there in the india ?
who starred in the original west side story ?
who wrote how to be a latin lover ?
who plays buzz lightyear in toy story 3 ?
where is the nba hall of fame located ?
who was defeated in the battle of yorktown ?
who was the only u.s. president whose grandfather was also president ?
who played simon on as the world turns ?
what type of agency is the federal reserve board ?
actress who played andromeda in clash of the titans ?
who did patsy marry in ab fab movie ?
how many countries have the official language of french ?
who made christianity the offical religion of the roman empire ?
who has the most power in the white house ?
who plays murray's father on the goldbergs ?
who was the king in the three musketeers ?
who played betty jo in wayne's world 2 ?
when did the tech boom start in san francisco ?
who did vanessa end up with in gossip girl ?
which disorder is a common form of hypothyroidism ?
who plays the voice of andy in toy story 3 ?
who was the union general who captured fort henry ?
who is one of illinois us senators now ?
where was the first public library in america located ?
who did oliver valentine marry in holby city ?
who does the philadelphia eagles play in the playoffs ?
who plays the dad on that 70s show ?
who is the best selling canadian artist of all time ?
who played the bishop in the bishop's wife ?
what player has the most super bowl appearances ?
when was texas added to the united states ?
how much money does bank of america have ?
who accompanied the prophet on his migration to madinah ?
where was the kath and kim movie filmed ?
who plays andy bernard's brother on the office ?
who has the most trophies barcelona or real madrid ?
the name of the big island in hawaii ?
which term is used in us politics for a significant party outside the two dominant parties ?
where is the first in n out burger located ?
who plays werewolf jacob in the twilight saga movies ?
who won the match between man u and real madrid ?
who is the actor that plays freddy krueger ?
how many caribbean countries are there in the world ?
what was hurricane andrew when it made landfall ?
which words refers to any system that uses an exchange medium ?
when was the da vinci robot first used ?
who do the arizona cardinals share their stadium with ?
who does elena end up with in the vampire diaries tv series ?
who is the actor that plays jamie on outlander ?
what is the largest province in sri lanka ?
who is the captain of new zealand cricket team ?
who is known as the nepolian of iran ?
who is the actor who plays jesse on breaking bad ?
where was the movie the in laws filmed ?
what's the latest version of google chrome ?
when is the last time the redskins won a superbowl ?
who ran as the socialist candidate for president in 1912 ?
how many sounds make up the english language ?
what is the form of government in united states ?
before the spanish took over who owned the land that is now mexico ?
where is ocala in the state of florida ?
who is the famous coach in facing the giants ?
who had control of the senate in 2008 ?
who plays jarvis in the avengers age of ultron ?
when was the last time the dallas cowboys won the super bowl ?
who was commissioned to paint the scrovegni (arena) chapel ?
who said let's kill all the lawyers ?
how many episodes of poldark in series 3 ?
when is the last time america declared war ?
which state split as a result of the civil war ?
who is the chief of state in south korea ?
when does the movie battle of the sexes come out ?
who is the author of conversations with god ?
who played the ghost of anakin skywalker in episode 6 ?
last time celtic won the league against rangers ?
who is the first chairman of the african union ?
what was the first movie release to use sensurround ?
who was manager when aston villa won the european cup ?
when did new mexico become part of the us ?
who sang phantom of the opera for the movie ?
who does the voice for chucky in child's play ?
who was the san diego padres first manager ?
which larger record company leased records from stax records ?
who plays agent scully in the x files ?
who wrote don't stop believin by journey ?
what are the names of the counties in wales ?
who win the miss universe title in 2016 ?
who played katherine chancellor's son on y&r ?
who designed the national coat of arms of south africa ?
who was the king of england in 1931 ?
who has the power to make immigration laws ?
what is the full name of nigeria president ?
what is the language in the dominican republic ?
when did china become a member of the security council ?
where is the tournament of nations being played ?
who played larry tate's wife on bewitched ?
who played bj hunnicutt on the show mash ?
who played laverne's dad on laverne and shirley ?
who was the girl in justin bieber what do you mean ?
where did they film the beach leonardo dicaprio ?
what body of water does the nile river flow into ?
what is the meaning of munnar in english ?
who married mr collins in pride and prejudice ?
who filled in for ringo starr during a beatles tour when ringo had tonsillitis ?
what is the state capitol of new mexico ?
who does jeremy irons play in justice league ?
when was germany formed into a single country ?
who was the british general who surrendered at yorktown ?
who was the leader of north vietnam in 1954 ?
who plays amy farrah fowler in the big bang theory ?
who played harry bailey in it's a wonderful life ?
what is the mountain range located between india and china ?
who decides where the water in the colorado river system goes ?
brazil is the largest country on which continent ?
how many episodes of frankie and grace are there in season 4 ?
when does the demi lovato album come out ?
who played elizabeth bennet in pride and prejudice ?
who is number one on the forbes list ?
what year did the broncos win the super bowl ?
what is the genre of i survived books ?
where is the movie mother's day being filmed ?
what does the prefix tre mean in cornwall ?
how much does the prime minister of australia earn ?
what is the meaning of maharlika in filipino ?
where was the movie deliverance supposed to take place ?
who played lord elrond in lord of the rings ?
where does the book of daniel take place ?
what number is gareth bale for real madrid ?
what college did forrest gump play football for ?
where does it talk about king david in the bible ?
who is buried under the arc de triomphe de l'etoile ?
who sings the songs in the movie selena ?
when did the first childs play come out ?
who does stewie's voice in family guy ?
what is the main language of sri lanka ?
where does american airlines fly to in hawaii ?
who is george on good morning america married to ?
who was credited with the invention of the internet ?
what is the next movie after suicide squad ?
who is the author of the twilight series ?
who played the first buford pusser in walking tall ?
who won the nba finals for the last 4 years ?
how many games has cristiano ronaldo played in champions league ?
where is canaan located on the world map ?
who wrote the song give my love to rose ?
what is the population of cullman county alabama ?
when does hurricane season begin in the united states ?
when did dispicable me 3 come out on dvd ?
when did the giants move to at&t park ?
in which part of the u.s. is the majority of state boundaries based upon natural features ?
where did british empire control an entire continent ?
who played eponine in the movie les miserables ?
when did elvis record if i can dream ?
when did the queen become queen of england ?
who has the most receiving touchdowns in nfl history ?
what ethnic community is the smallest in canada ?
where is the people's republic of china located ?
how many times have the golden state warriors been in the nba finals ?
who are utah's representatives in the house ?
what team does vince carter play for in the nba ?
who plays the singer in the movie i can only imagine ?
how much of the u.s. national debt is owed to foreigners ?
who sang the theme song for here come the brides ?
who played michael myers in the rob zombie halloween movie ?
who played darth maul in the star wars movie ?
when did tom coughlin coach the jacksonville jaguars ?
where was the day of infamy speech given ?
who is the actress that plays donna on suits ?
what state bird has the color red in it ?
the guy who plays josh in girl meets world ?
is the governor of west virginia a democrat or republican ?
who plays wu bosong in a love so beautiful ?
where does the connecticut river begin and end ?
how many stadiums are there in the us ?
who composed the music for jana gana mana ?
in the kansas city style of jazz arrangements were based on ?
when did hong kong become part of china ?
where was the tv show once upon a time filmed ?
who plays la muerte in the book of life ?
macao was a colony of what european country ?
how many teams are in division 2 football ?
number of episodes in the crown season 1 ?
who played betsy stewart on as the world turns ?
when have man city won the premier league ?
who played gayle sayers in brian's song ?
who was the first president of the senate ?
when did rolls royce start making plane engines ?
what is the type of government in uk ?
what is the type of government in england ?
who dies in the movie set it off ?
who played simon in jesus christ superstar live ?
what language is agape in yuri on ice ?
what's the population of salt lake city ?
what is the meaning of lax is in los angeles airport ?
who wrote close to you by the carpenters ?
who played christian on one life to live ?
who plays claire on days of our lives ?
who did aphrodite side with in the trojan war ?
who is the chief justice of the united states supreme court ?
who played mrs harris in anne of green gables ?
when was the little mermaid released on vhs ?
where does the show new amsterdam take place ?
who sang yellow rose of texas with johnny lee ?
what nfl team does ryan fitzpatrick play for ?
when did muslim armies invade syria and iraq ?
i can only imagine movie who played the dad ?
who is the dean of the college of cardinals ?
what kind of government is in vietnam now ?
what types of architecture could you find in ancient greece ?
when did they build the new yankee stadium ?
what are the top three languages spoken in america ?
who is in charge of administering the supreme court ?
when and where did the first battle of the american revolution take place ?
when were the olympic games held in berlin ?
who was the first dictator of north korea ?
who did kevin durant play for in 2017 ?
who dies in the grey's anatomy shooting ?
when did the last surviving civil war soldier died ?
where was the film conflict of wings filmed ?
where did j.c. superstar have it's longest run ?
when was led zeppelin's first album released ?
who is the starting qb for the georgia bulldogs ?
where does it always sunny in philadelphia take place ?
how many season are there of csi miami ?
who is the governor of the virgin islands ?
who was the owner of the dodgers when jackie robinson played ?
when is the last time the capitals were in the stanley cup finals ?
what was the first computer animated disney movie ?
who is the actor that plays oliver queen ?
when was back to you made by selena gomez ?
where did the first european land in australia ?
who is the actor of rick and morty ?
who wrote the book of first second and third john ?
when was the last time mt fuji erupted ?
who wrote footprints in the sand by leona lewis ?
where was the sons of katie elder filmed ?
most world series wins american or national league ?
when did the movie jungle book come out ?
what is the code for san diego airport ?
who stars in the movie when in rome ?
what body of water does the george washington bridge cross over ?
what are the names of the 2 old guys on the muppet show ?
who was love of my life written for ?
who played the caveman in night at the museum 3 ?
where did the original habitants of japan come from ?
what type of music does bob marley sing ?
where were the lord of the rings movies filmed ?
who wrote the song the little drummer boy ?
when was the last time oakland raiders won the superbowl ?
who appointed the current justices of the supreme court ?
what was the first all-sports talk radio station ?
who's running for governor in the state of tennessee ?
who helped the patriots win the revolutionary war ?
who were the 3 presidents that died on july 4th ?
who played barney hefner on all in the family ?
who plays noah in the boy next door ?
what is the meaning of baka in japanese ?
how much money does tourism bring to canada ?
who sang i will leave a light on ?
who is the chief justice of the united states ?
what type of paint are cars painted with ?
which was a state first arkansas or kansas ?
who plays benny the bull in real life ?
who were the main countries involved in the korean war ?
who is the actor who played opie on sons of anarchy ?
where does robin live in how i met your mother ?
who plays dawn in nicky ricky dicky and dawn ?
who was the mother of dragons married to ?
who sang the song unchained melody in the movie ghost ?
who helped bring an end to the yom kippur war using shuttle diplomacy ?
when was holland liberated during world war ii ?
when was season one of stranger things released ?
who played audra barkley on the big valley ?
who does the voice of mufasa in the lion king ?
if you are from costa rica what are you called ?
where is the hotel located in the movie the shining ?
who played ra's al ghul in arrow ?
who plays regina mills in once upon a time ?
what language do they speak in the maldives ?
who plays terry crews brother in law in brooklyn nine nine ?
where does the thompson river meet the fraser river ?
who is the actor that plays bruce wayne in gotham ?
what is the name of the currency used in france ?
what is the real name of preeta from kundali bhagya ?
where did they film attack of the clones ?
gallipoli is a peninsula located in which country ?
who is the head of the salvation army ?
family guy and then there were fewer movie reference ?
when did the us have its first standing army ?
who is the coach of the us men's national soccer team ?
when did messi started playing for barca first team ?
australia is the world's major producer of ?
full name of the speaker of the house of the philippines ?
who does reese witherspoon end up with in sweet home alabama ?
what team did wilt chamberlain play for when he scored 100 points ?
who was the presiding officer at the constitutional convention ?
where did the movie free willy take place ?
what country has a land border with denmark ?
where is somalia on the map of africa ?
who does the voice of gaara in naruto ?
who played carmen on the george lopez show ?
when was the first gas powered airplane invented ?
who played mr holland in mr holland's opus ?
who played the main character in i can only imagine ?
where does the seine river start and end ?
who played tony on i dream of jeannie ?
who calls the plays for the dallas cowboys ?
who is the actor who played black panther ?
how many times did miami dolphins win a superbowl ?
what is the main source of income in egypt ?
who does the voice of the arby's commercials ?
who does matthew broderick play in bee movie ?
who won the first american inter-collegiate football game ?
where are the ethiopian highlands located on a map ?
the part of russia east of the ural mountains is known as ?
who played brenda in tupac's video brenda's got a baby ?
who played wisdom in the movie the shack ?
who played in the movie house of horrors ?
who wrote i'm no longer a slave to fear ?
who plays ronald reagan in lee daniels the butler ?
who plays the phantom of the opera movie ?
who did matt ryan play for before the falcons ?
who was nominated for best actress this year ?
where did the rangers play before ballpark in arlington ?
where do calico cats get their color from ?
what is the state capital of new mexico ?
where does the water come from that feeds niagara falls ?
what is the population of utica new york ?
when did michael jordan win his first nba title ?
what country is in between poland and lithuania ?
how many twitter followers does selena gomez have ?
who is the book of galatians addressed to ?
when did the british government started ruling directly ?
when did the model t ford come out ?
which state is named for a us president ?
who is the president of st thomas virgin islands ?
where did george hill play before the cavs ?
who plays the mom in cat in the hat ?
who is the longest running snl cast member ?
who played the lion in the movie the wiz ?
who was the philadelphia eagles starting quarterback this year ?
what is the population of the state of utah ?
where does the president of dominican republic live ?
who does director of national intelligence report to ?
when did the white sox become a team ?
who did wall street journal endorse in 2016 ?
what are the political regions in austria called ?
what is the most common language spoken in the middle east ?
what nationality is the actress who plays wonder woman ?
what is the tallest building in the united states ?
who plays the voice of johnny's dad in sing ?
who plays taylor on the bold and the beautiful ?
who did the singing for johnny depp in cry baby ?
who is the leader of the new democratic party in ontario ?
what is the most common language spoken in italy ?
how much of the world's maple syrup does canada produce ?
whats the latest version of google play store ?
when did christianity become state religion of roman empire ?
what style of electronic dance music developed in chicago ?
how much letters are in the russian alphabet ?
who plays bethany hamilton in the movie soul surfer ?
when was the title prince of wales created ?
where is the head of the euphrates river ?
who plays berto in one day at a time ?
when did the vice-president gain a seat at cabinet meetings ?
where does central mountain air land in vancouver ?
where were the olympics held in the 1980s ?
when did nigeria become part of the commonwealth ?
how many episodes in breaking bad season 3 ?
when did ben rectors new album come out ?
who is number 3 for the new york giants ?
what is emma's real name from jessie ?
who played dan connor's father on roseanne ?
where did the wizard of oz come from ?
when was the first version of microsoft windows released ?
where did god helps those who help themselves come from ?
what is the name of the president of south africa ?
what is the oldest ballpark in major league baseball ?
when did the redskins win the super bowl ?
who wrote the book of hebrews who was the author of hebrews ?
who was the voice in the movie rockstar ?
who played emily valentine in beverly hills 90210 ?
when did the islanders win the stanley cup ?
what alliance did italy belong to during world war ii brainly ?
naina real name in yeh un dino ki baat hai ?
the total value of a nation's exports compared to its imports ?
when did the afl merge with the nfl ?
what is the river that runs through nashville tn ?
where does the water come from at niagra falls ?
who plays dina bergeron on the young and the restless ?
who made it to the finals in nba ?
when did the cult of chucky come out on netflix ?
who played michael corleone's son in godfather 2 ?
where did the chargers first play at in san diego ?
who is one of the new jersey senators now ?
how many planet of the apes films has there been ?
who has more oil saudi arabia or usa ?
when did the young turk revolution take place ?
ek hazaaron mein meri behna hai actors real names ?
who was the actor who played the wizard of oz ?
who is the president of the european parliament ?
who is playing han solo in the solo movie ?
who does the voice of the genie in aladdin ?
when did the first episode of ncis air ?
who plays carlottas mom and sister on star ?
who takes the place of the president if he dies ?
who played charlie in willy wonka and the chocolate factory ?
who was the first president defeated for reelection ?
who plays regina from once upon a time ?
which family was ruling in france during french revolution ?
when did japan first emerge as a modern empire ?
where does russia have access to the ocean ?
who plays tyler perry's wife in why did i get married ?
what does the logo on the minnesota twins hat stand for ?
what was the wind speed of hurricane hugo when it hit charlotte ?
who was the oldest president to be inaugurated ?
who does the voice of stan on south park ?
which airport is closer to sugar land tx ?
what type of stories did edgar allan poe write ?
where did the most serious canadian revolt against british rule take place ?
when does the movie fate of the furious come out ?
st. peter’s basilica the head of the catholic religion is located in ?
a collection of gods and goddesses is known as ?
who replaces the president in order of succession ?
where would you look to find where the vatican is located ?
who is the chief justice of the supreme court now ?
can you recall who is the president of chile now ?
who played may rose in the movie life ?
which composer was a member of the russian five ?
who did the mavericks play in the finals ?
when did the dallas cowboys win their first super bowl ?
who won the battle of bull run union or confederacy ?
who plays trina sister on real husbands of hollywood ?
who played haley's mom on one tree hill ?
who did emily osment play on family guy ?
2011 lady gaga album that has edge of glory ?
what school is educating greater manchester set in ?
who played veruca in the original willy wonka ?
which country has a canal that connects the atlantic and pacific ocean ?
the following country has largest spanish speaking population ?
who played willie lopez in the movie ghost ?
who was named nfl coach of the year ?
when did barcelona win their first champions league ?
who does ryan reynolds marry in definitely maybe ?
how many copies did the da vinci code sell ?
who owns the rights to who wants to be a millionaire ?
what is the population of santa rosa california ?
what is the capital and major population center of northern ireland ?
stone temple pilots lead singer cause of death ?
what movie did ben affleck and matt damon wrote ?
where is the national ffa convention held each year ?
who owns the mona lisa and where is it today ?
who wrote the music to the sound of music ?
what is the capital of isle of man ?
who is the chief judge of rivers state ?
where did abby from ncis go to college ?
who plays charlie in charlie's angels movie ?
who has pitched a no hitter and lost ?
where are the italian alps located in italy ?
who is running for attorney general in wi ?
what's the cats name from alice and wonderland ?
when was the last time connecticut had a hurricane ?
who played nero wolfe in the tv series ?
what's the population of dallas texas 2017 ?
who was recently selected to serve as the speaker of the house of representatives ?
who appoints the members of the board of govenors of the federal reserve ?
who played the mom in the original parent trap ?
what movie did kate winslet win two golden globes for ?
when was the first metal roller coaster built ?
who is the actor that played marty in madagascar ?
when did the first light bulb come out ?
who played bilbo baggins in the hobbit 2012 ?
who does rondo play for in the nba ?
when was the prime of miss jean brodie written ?
who plays dwight's brother in the office ?
which is the first tennis club to be established ?
which war brought about an end to british rule in america ?
who is the current surgeon general of the united states ?
who played da vinci in star trek voyager ?
who calls a special election to fill a vacancy in the senate ?
how many letter are in the arabic alphabet ?
when was the prudential building in chicago built ?
who reigned as emperor in germany in the late nineteenth century ?
who played batman in the original tv series ?
who is the current african nations cup champion ?
who was the leader of great britain during wwii ?
who did floyd little play for in the nfl ?
what is the name of malta's airport ?
where was the capital of the united states first located ?
who played willy wonka in the original movie ?
how many colonies were in australia at the time of federation ?
when does the vincent van gogh movie come out ?
who starred in the original sound of music ?
who plays the voice of rick on rick and morty ?
where does the show the paradise take place ?
who played the wife on mcmillan & wife ?
who played detective green on law and order ?
who did the charlotte hornets trade kobe bryant for ?
the candidate who won the 1824 presidential election was ?
when was the last time the celtics won the championship ?
what is the utc time zone for new york ?
who played drusilla in once upon a time ?
which nation was not part of the united nations allied military force in korea ?
when did the united church of canada form ?
where is the supreme court of the united states located ?
who is the current vice president of liberia ?
who was drafted second in the 2003 nba draft ?
where did the battle of the philippine sea take place ?
where do the chicago white sox play ball ?
how many consonants are in the hawaiian language ?
where was the hotel in the shining located ?
who plays billie on days of our lives ?
who was president when world war 2 ended ?
what powers does the governor general have in australia ?
actress who played big rhonda on that 70's show ?
when was the federal republic of germany founded ?
who played caesar in war planet of the apes ?
which territories did the us gain in the spanish-american war ?
where does davids story start in the bible ?
the first in a popular movie series was harry potter and the philosopher what ?
when did michael jordan first play in the nba ?
crossword clue 19th century novelist who created barsetshire ?
where does the grand canal start and finish ?
when did construction start on the sydney opera house ?
who played michael myers in the new movie ?
what was the name of england before england ?
who did the voice of kovu in lion king 2 ?
welsh actor who had theatre named after him ?
who plays alex on the tv show wings ?
how many episodes in the have and have nots season 5 ?
on what continents was the roman empire located at the height of its expansion ?
who played santa claus in the santa clause movie ?
what is it called when the president and congress are from different parties ?
what college football team has an elephant mascot ?
who played dad in i can only imagine ?
when did first mama mia movie come out ?
where is the vice president stationed in ffa ?
who is the secretary of the state of california ?
who is the president of russia right now ?
how many number 1 draft picks have the browns had ?
who is running for lieutenant governor in ga ?
who played gilly in the great gilly hopkins ?
what religion is most common in africa south of the sahara desert ?
who played wonder woman in the 1970s tv show ?
what is the border between africa and asia ?
who plays jasper in what would diplo do ?
what was the chief city of the aztec civilization ?
where do moderates fall on the political spectrum ?
who is the oldest living actor still alive ?
which four u.s. presidents as of 2014 have received nobel peace prizes ?
who plays the bunny in secret life of pets ?
where is the original london bridge now located ?
what was the high school in high school musical ?
how many seasons are there of the cosby show ?
who is the oldest nba player playing right now ?
which enterprise in the spanish colonies was most profitable ?
how many passing yards does aaron rodgers have in his career ?
who played the mom in the parent trap ?
who won outstanding lead actress in a limited series or movie ?
where was the movie the way west filmed ?
where did hurricane matthew make landfall in florida ?
when was the first harry potter movie released ?
when does the diary of a wimpy kid the getaway come out ?
who played alexander on star trek deep space nine ?
who are the justice of the supreme court ?
who is the mayor of warner robins ga ?
unit of electrical power named after scottish inventor ?
who is the head of the england church ?
when was the last world series won by the yankees ?
what are the 2 seasons in the philippines ?
who played john carter's mother on er ?
land mass found in the north of the philippines ?
what air force base is in fairbanks alaska ?
who plays aleksandr petrovsky in sex and the city ?
who does carrie fisher voice in family guy ?
who plays john rayburn's wife in bloodline ?
what is the parent company of tj maxx ?
which article give the governmentthe power to declare president's rule in a state ?
when did savannah become georgia's first capital ?
who wrote go back to you selena gomez ?
what disease did susannah have in brain on fire ?
which state is bordered to the north by the artic ocean ?
who is the secretary of the department of education ?
who won the most academy awards for best director ?
from which language family did the russian language descend ?
where did the movie the revenant take place ?
who built the first plane in the world ?
who sold part of mexico to the usa ?
when do you say the pledge of allegiance ?
which river begins in central africa near lake tanganyika ?
who played lou grant's wife on mary tyler moore ?
how many us supreme court justices are there ?
where did the movie safe haven take place ?
what country was attacked at the beginning of the persian golf war ?
who does the voice of trump in our cartoon president ?
what do you call someone from the isle of man ?
where does the disney movie aladdin take place ?
who is the host of america gots talent ?
who plays matt jensen on 13 reasons why ?
where is kentucky located in the united states ?
who does zoe saldana play in my little pony ?
what are the team colors for the arizona diamondbacks ?
when did riyadh become the capital of saudi arabia ?
what is the population of muslim in pakistan ?
who played elf in lord of the rings ?
who played huggy bear in the original starsky and hutch ?
who played jem in to kill a mocking bird ?
who was the killer in scream 2 movie ?
the current chief justice of the united states supreme court is ?
the largest common language group among north american natives belong to the ?
the venue and year of earth summit on conservation of biodiversity was ?
where did it takes a village to raise a child come from ?
when was the first legend of zelda released ?
what are the names of all the jurassic movies ?
who was the first president to get assasinated ?
where did the lord's prayer originate from ?
what was the colonial holding in south america that was governed by portugal ?
who did alex cora used to play for ?
who wrote this guy's in love with you ?
who is mr smith in sarah jane adventures ?
who is the author of what child is this ?
who is the speaker in the house of representatives ?
what actor played ben stone on law and order ?
where did the christmas story movie take place ?
how many episodes in got season 7 in total ?
who plays evan parks in the client list ?
what are the duties of the governor of california ?
where is the world cup soccer tournament being played ?
where did the judgement of paris take place ?
where was an independent arab state created after world war i ?
when did the first disney movie come out ?
how many harry potter rides are there at universal orlando ?
who was the 41st president of the united states of america ?
which country has the most casualties in ww1 ?
who plays tupac's mom in all eyez on me ?
when did the first lord of the rings movie come out ?
the 2 houses of congress are called what ?
who was elected president of the constitutional convention and why ?
what is the name of the tallest building in the world located in dubai ?
harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban time ?
who was the founder of the mauryan empire ?
who is the actress that plays claire on outlander ?
who plays amy fowler on big bang theory ?
when was the first film production of a shakespeare play made ?
who was the prime minister of bulgaria from 1950 to 1956 ?
who was assassinated in 1968 while campaigning for the presidency ?
who composed the music of the german national anthem ?
who formed the majority in terms of population in belgium ?
what is at the bottom of seneca lake ?
what teams are in the carolina panthers division ?
which soil is found suitable for growing coffee in india ?
who's the owner of the houston texans ?
who won 2 world series in the 80s ?
what was the name of paul mccartneys band after the beatles ?
when did the st louis cardinals become a team ?
when did aston villa win the fa cup ?
us presidents who served in world war 2 ?
rajyasamacharam' the malayalam newspaper was published by ?
where does the last name bourque come from ?
who did alabama play in the national championship 2015 ?
who wrote the lyrics to dark side of the moon ?
who is the minister of agriculture in zambia ?
who played dr frankenstein in once upon a time ?
what is the number one state for education ?
when did the new england patriots change their logo ?
when did the first ikea open in the uk ?
who won the presidential election in puerto rico ?
actress who plays rose in jane the virgin ?
who played dumbledore in the harry potter movies ?
how many times a day is the muslim call to prayer ?
where does the salt come from in utah ?
who is the national ffa president and where is he from ?
when was the last time the giants won the world series ?
who is the actor playing krishna in mahabharat ?
when did the dallas stars come to texas ?
how many floors is the tallest building in america ?
who took control of sable island in 2011 ?
how many sacks does clay matthews have in his career ?
what was the first book william shakespeare wrote ?
who is the american ambassador to the uk ?
who dies in the end of a series of unfortunate events ?
who played in the nfc championship last year ?
who played character of mohan joshi hazir ho ?
who plays kate hudson brother in bride wars ?
who played the role of joker in batman dark knight ?
where is euro 2024 going to be held ?
when did michael jordan win his first title ?
how many matches has ronaldo played for portugal ?
name of the new fast and furious movie ?
what are the names of the twin cities in minnesota ?
which factor most directly resulted in great britain entering world war i ?
when did kobe start playing for the lakers ?
who won the super bowl steelers or cardinals ?
where is the national championship game going to be held ?
how many countries are the members of imf ?
who won the battle of pea ridge in the civil war ?
the school of gymnastics is called in athens as ?
how many times has jennifer lawrence been nominated for an oscar ?
what are the common law states in the united states ?
which province of canada has a large french population ?
where does the final battle in julius caesar take place ?
what is the highest mountain in the peak district ?
which river forms the border between georgia and alabama ?
what language do they speak in game of thrones dothraki ?
who is the designer of the piazza in front of st. peter's basilica ?
who was the first us president to be assassinated ?
how many episodes in ash vs evil dead season 3 ?
what quarterback has the most wins in nfl history ?
owner of the boston red sox baseball team ?
why does charlie take pills in gossip girl ?
how many stores of starbucks in the world ?
who was the first whig president of the united states ?
who plays gwen in the amazing spider man ?
where did aaron judge play baseball last year ?
who plays agent isler on ncis new orleans ?
when did san francisco become a sanctuary city ?
who won last year's grand prix championship ?
who was drafted in front of kevin durant ?
who is the minister of local government in uganda ?
where was the first hockey world cup held ?
when did the republican party gain support in the north and midwest ?
who sings with katy perry chained to the rhythm ?
who did germany play in the last world cup final ?
when was jesus christ superstar the movie made ?
what is the name of president of america ?
which nation in oceania has the highest gdp ?
who is the canadian high commissioner to barbados ?
how many episodes are there in season 4 hart of dixie ?
what do you call a person from chad ?
what was the name of the bombs dropped on hiroshima and nagasaki ?
what type of government does england have today ?
who was the cowboys quarterback before tony romo ?
who played alf on the tv show alf ?
where was oil first discovered in middle east ?
what is the name of taylor swift's latest album ?
who wrote on the revolution of heavenly bodies ?
actor who played michael in the blind side ?
where did the primary threat to portuguese control of southeast asia come from ?
who has more record sales kelly clarkson or carrie underwood ?
who played veruca salt in willy wonka and the chocolate factory ?
who played the girl elf in lord of the rings ?
who played the daughter in the last boy scout ?
who played rachel's boss kim on friends ?
who is responsible for electing the president in south africa ?
who announces president at state of the union ?
is the winner of love school season 3 ?
where is the electoral college mentioned in the constitution ?
what is the number of members in the house of representatives ?
who is the first chief justice of the supreme court ?
how many times the word ilm come in the holy quran ?
who takes over presidency if president is impeached ?
when did the u.s. begin fighting in afghanistan ?
who did emily end up with on revenge ?
who played b'elanna torres on star trek voyager ?
where is the city of new york located ?
who's the head coach for the kansas city chiefs ?
who plays marty deeks on ncis los angeles ?
where is latin america located in which hemisphere ?
what is the southern most part of canada ?
name of the book written by charles darwin ?
which was the first airline to begin code-sharing agreements with southwest airlines ?
which country is the north of uttar pradesh ?
how many senators are in the pa senate ?
who played the son in steptoe and son ?
which members of the supreme court are catholic ?
no of episodes in breaking bad season 1 ?
how did john wick's wife die in the movie ?
what is the name of beethoven's only opera ?
where is the band for king and country from ?
how much of switzerland is covered by the alps ?
atlanta is the capital of which usa state ?
who did israel broussard play in earth to echo ?
what is the meaning of kosmos in greek ?
who was the guy that played the predator ?
name of audrey hepburn's character in breakfast at tiffany's ?
who starred in the movie no way out ?
when was the first stars wars movie released ?
who is the prime minister of new zealand 2018 ?
how many episodes of the good witch are there ?
who was the actor who died in fast and furious ?
what was the capital of the maurya empire ?
where does the east river start and end ?
why is the rose the symbol of england ?
who played young indiana jones in last crusade ?
in which country did an event occur that led to the 2011 arab spring ?
who played eva peron in the movie evita ?
what hemisphere is north and south america in ?
when did the movie set it off come out ?
what country casablanca and marrakech are located in ?
who played atticus finch in to kill a mockingbird ?
actress who plays caroline on bold and beautiful ?
who plays mayor hale on sons of anarchy ?
who won the most medals in the 1960 winter olympics ?
who has the most total passing yards in nfl history ?
who was the japanese leader during world war ii ?
what are the names of the dogs in beverly hills chihuahua ?
who are the republican candidates running for governor in michigan ?
who is the star of chrisley knows best ?
what's the name of the atlanta braves new stadium ?
where was the final game of the world series played ?
is central america part of the continent of north america or south america ?
who did the iroquois side with in the french and indian war ?
what’s the main power of the supreme court ?
where does the broad river start and end ?
who did r lee ermey play in spongebob ?
what do you call the area that is inhabited by a particular species ?
who is the us secretary of the state ?
what is australia's country code for mobiles ?
who was the longest serving australian prime minister ?
where is vina del mar located in chile ?
when was the last time pittsburgh steelers won the superbowl ?
the permanent members of the security council of the united nations are ?
what character sings summertime in porgy and bess ?
who is the first chief minister of punjab ?
what is the job of the us ambassador ?
what is the currency used in sierra leone ?
who is the chief justice of illinois supreme court ?
who is the owner of volvo car company ?
when did the cavs win their first championship ?
who won the superbowl between ravens and 49ers ?
who was in charge of japan in 1945 ?
who was the last president of the us to be impeached ?
what language do they speak in puerto rico ?
what country had the us put missiles in before the crisis ?
who wrote i look to you by whitney houston ?
what movie is the song california love in ?
what's the most populated country on earth ?
who wrote i believe in a thing called love ?
who is the head basketball coach at alabama ?
where was the scene when dobby dies filmed ?
what is the type of government in america ?
when did the cross become a symbol of christianity ?
what does matt keough do for a living ?
when did mike trout come into the league ?
where do you put tibetan buddhist prayer flags ?
what greek is known for discussing ethics in medicine ?
who does adrianna end up with in 90210 ?
who plays hagrid in the movie harry porter ?
the physician who pioneered the study of the human subconscious was ?
who sets voting qualifications on the state level ?
where is yokota air force base in japan ?
who wrote michael jackson's man in the mirror ?
who played brian in father of the bride ?
who played ed hall on one life to live ?
what percentage of europe's population died of the plague ?
who does sam end up with on glee ?
what family is rosaline from in romeo and juliet ?
who did lincoln play in home and away ?
when can a player be substituted in soccer ?
which film won the oscar for best animated feature in 2012 ?
what role did leslie odom jr play in rent ?
who plays the voice of the crab in moana ?
which english county is directly north of staffordshire ?
who played the sheriff in robin hood prince of thieves ?
whats the population of the state of florida ?
who is the current prime minister of malaysia ?
who played anakin in the first star wars ?
what happened to the chicago world's fair buildings ?
who played big rhonda on that 70s show ?
what is the student population of appalachian state university ?
when was the last time tampa bay was hit by a hurricane ?
who discovered the law of elastic properties of matter ?
when was capital of nigeria moved to abuja ?
who was jason bateman in little house on the prairie ?
who played young clark kent in man of steel ?
who plays wallander in the british tv series ?
what is the official name of switzerland answers ?
who wrote the book 5 languages of love ?
which city is known as manchester of germany ?
who played superman on tv in the 50s ?
when was the first duma created in russia ?
miss world 2017 belongs to which state of india ?
where does the water from idukki dam go ?
who is the founder of the baha'i faith ?
who does atlanta falcons play in the playoffs ?
when was the last time astros won the world series ?
which river is important in the development of chinese civilization ?
when did charles dickens start to write books ?
what kind of border is between texas and mexico ?
who played arthur in the movie king arthur ?
who does drew barrymore play on family guy ?
what is the name of the president of malta ?
how many episodes of greys anatomy in season 4 ?
what position did ryan tannehill play in college ?
the central meeting place for government officials in ancient greece was ?
where did the queen of england go to school ?
when did ac milan last win serie a ?
who's team is brynn on the voice ?
what river was used in the movie deliverance ?
who plays the little girl in the original jumanji ?
where was the movie my cousin rachel filmed ?
who is the education minister of bihar in present time ?
what are the 2 main languages in afghanistan ?
where is the sydney opera house located in australia ?
what book of the bible is joseph story ?
when did the coalition government come into power ?
what type of school is miami dade college ?
when did chicago bulls win their first nba championship ?
where is the office of un general assembly located ?
who played darth vader in return of jedi ?
who did greece beat to win euro 2004 ?
who was the japanese emperor that presided over japan's transition towards modernization ?
where do the tennessee titans play home games ?
when was the last time the raiders made the playoffs ?
who wrote fall of the house of usher ?
who was the last supreme court nominee to be rejected ?
who played james bond in licence to kill ?
when did ireland change from pounds to euros ?
where is someone from if they are persian ?
when does the new hellraiser movie come out ?
who is the actor who plays captain kirk ?
when did shaq get traded to the lakers ?
who played buffy on buffy the vampire slayer ?
where was the finals of fifa world cup 1962 held ?
who played greg heffley in diary of wimpy kid ?
who was the actor who played darth vader ?
where did the quarterback for the kansas city chiefs go to college ?
when did nate robinson play for golden state ?
what is the official language spoken in aruba ?
who did the eagles play in super bowl ?
where was the movie some like it hot filmed ?
what city in france has the highest population ?
who played veruca in willy wonka and the chocolate factory ?
what was danny tanner's wife's name ?
who did ben affleck play in dazed and confused ?
when did chelsea win the european cup winners cup ?
who played magda in sex and the city ?
when did tim mcgraw release his first album ?
who plays captain marvel in the new avengers movie ?
who played in the nba the most years ?
who has the biggest stadium in the championship ?
who played the predator in the movie predator ?
what day does the chester chronicle come out ?
how many sacraments are there in the eastern orthodox church ?
when did dwyane wade came into the league ?
how many episodes of ncis in season 14 ?
where did the national assembly mark its start ?
who wrote ambition must be made to counteract ambition ?
who created the formal position of white house press secretary in part because of his media savvy ?
who became the president of usa in 1800 ?
where did the queen mother live after the king died ?
is dubai a country or city wiki answers ?
who did kobe bryant scored 81 points on ?
who does thomas sangster play in star wars ?
when was the first church of christ founded ?
who is buried in the great mausoleum at forest lawn glendale ?
what is the west bank and gaza strip ?
when was the last time the san francisco giants won the world series ?
when did cleveland last won the world series ?
who played big rhonda on the 70 show ?
name of the current president of the sadc ?
who were the presidents that were assassinated while in office ?
when was the euro introduced as legal currency on the world market ?
release date of the mummy of tom cruise ?
who was the king of england just before the war for independence began ?
in which sport do countries compete for the america's cup ?
who does the voice of aviva on wild kratts ?
who is the current minister of education in ontario ?
when was the last time okc won a championship ?
who played the hulk in the tv series ?
how many beverly hills cops movies are there ?
who gets office if the president is impeached ?
who drove the general lee in the movie ?
where did fighting began in spanish american war ?
who plays harry potter in the harry potter movies ?
what type of government does gambia have today ?
who did the angels beat in the 2002 world series ?
who played in the 2017 nfc championship game ?
who plays alexander on the bold and the beautiful ?
when did george from grey's anatomy die ?
which is the asia's smallest country in term of area and population ?
who plays santa claus in santa claus the movie ?
according to ancient greece this man is credited with writing the odyssey and the iliad ?
who won the premier league golden boot in 2015/16 season ?
what is the most northern country in south america ?
what is the official name of the country sometimes known as holland ?
who is being honored at the kennedy center honors ?
what part of florida is vero beach in ?
when was nepal declared republic country nepali date ?
where is the tv show gotham filmed at ?
what term refers to a type of government which has a central government sharing ?
who became leader of north korea in 1994 ?
who played lord voldemort in harry potter series ?
who founded the st vincent de paul society ?
who does lauren conrad voice on family guy ?
religion in the lion the witch and the wardrobe ?
who starred in the original film far from the madding crowd ?
who played angie on the george lopez show ?
who did the dominican republic became independent from ?
what milb team does tim tebow play for ?
at what age can you vote in uk ?
whats the name of tyler perry new movie ?
where is the chicago white sox stadium located ?
who invented the first aeroplane in the world ?
how many episodes of blue bloods were there in season 7 ?
who is opening for shania twain tour 2018 ?
who strangled susan's daughter in desperate housewives ?
when did miami heat win their last championship ?
who played the female lead role in the movie 'pakeezah' ?
who has been appointed as the new president of germany ?
what is bella off twilight's daughters name ?
who starred in the movie logan's run ?
what are the parables in mark's gospel ?
who is known as the milkman of india ?
who did the united states fight in world war two ?
who played bloody mary in south pacific movie ?
who did pep guardiola manage before man city ?
when was neptune last visited by a spacecraft ?
where is the university of kentucky located at ?
what book in the bible has the birth of jesus ?
who won the college football championship in 2010 ?
who played dr frank n furter in rocky horror ?
which canadian city was one of the earliest permanent settlements ?
who painted the dome of sistine chapel in rome ?
what is the meaning of the last name salazar ?
who is the speaker of the nyc council ?
what was the main religion of the plymouth colony ?
what was the first public school in america ?
is the new zealand national anthem in english ?
when did the first public school open in the united states ?
who is the quarterback for new england patriots ?
who is the commissioner of police in trinidad and tobago ?
who are the hosts of pbs news hour ?
who was known as the father of geometry ?
what type of company is a record label ?
who plays the voice of bob in bob's burgers ?
who was nominated for two oscars in 1992 ?
when did french stop being the official language of england ?
who played king george in the king's speech ?
who wrote the way you make me feel janelle monae ?
when was journey to the center of the earth written ?
where is the boeing plant in south carolina ?
where was the last crusade indiana jones filmed ?
what movies did katharine hepburn won oscars for ?
where does the secretary of state fall in the line of succession ?
who did liverpool beat in 1981 european cup final ?
when did michael jackson start singing with the jackson 5 ?
who played amelia earhart in star trek voyager ?
who did america fight for in the vietnam war ?
where is yucatan peninsula located on a map ?
who plays at the honda center in anaheim california ?
who won season 10 of britain's got talent ?
who won the mlb world series last year ?
where was twilight breaking dawn part 1 filmed ?
how many episodes does brooklyn nine nine season 5 have ?
where is the balkan peninsula located on a world map ?
who played corde in attack of the clones ?
what is the oldest major league baseball stadium ?
who does angelina jolie play in kung fu panda ?
what is the name of chicago white sox stadium ?
what year does the movie the prestige take place ?
who became president with the election of 1800 ?
how many emmys did saturday night live win ?
who was the pilot who dropped the atomic bomb on hiroshima ?
how many hits does carlos beltran have in his career ?
who was the last person appointed to the u.s. supreme court ?
who died in til death do us part ?
when was the diary of a wimpy kid published ?
where do the carolina panthers play home games ?
who discovered the link between electricity and magnetism ?
when did the pittsburgh steelers join the nfl ?
who sang the part of the phantom in the movie ?
who played the little boy in road warrior ?
who played don haskins in the movie glory road ?
when did marvel contest of champions come out ?
where is broward county located in the state of florida ?
when did dvds come out in the us ?
what was the name of shakespeares acting company ?
when did scotland become part of united kingdom ?
when was the capital of nigeria moved to abuja ?
who is the actor that played apollo creed ?
when did vincent van gogh make the starry night ?
who starred in the movie friends with benefits ?
when was the people's republic of china founded ?
who was hagar's son in the bible ?
where is france located on a world map ?
who is the queen right now of england ?
who did penny hardaway play for in the nba ?
who sang the theme song from the movie love story ?
who does mike wallace play for in the nfl ?
where did the vegas hockey team come from ?
when did belfast become the capital of northern ireland ?
when did the chicago bulls win their first championship ?
what movie is the song as time goes by from ?
what title does the author of ecclesiastes use for himself ?
which country had a large muslim population for almost 800 years ?
who plays riley matthews in girl meets world ?
who wrote the song changes by david bowie ?
where was end of the ****fing world filmed ?
where is the world cup held this year ?
who was the founder of the academy in athens ?
the film the sound of music was set near which austrian city ?
when was the last time cleveland browns went to the playoffs ?
who presides over the joint sessions of the parliament ?
what kind of money does south africa use ?
who plays paul on days of our lives ?
what is the capital of sierra leone africa ?
who played the sheriff of nottingham in robin hood prince of thieves ?
who created the civil service system in china ?
who wrote love the one you're with ?
what nfl team is called the dirty birds ?
who elects the president according to the constitution ?
the minister of the federal capital territory of nigeria is ?
who is the original singer of when a man loves a woman ?
what type of government did bulgaria have from 1944 to 1990 ?
who wrote the lyrics of the national anthem ?
when did nashville become the capital of tennessee ?
when was the first wimbledon tennis tournament held ?
what pair of countries is located on the altiplano of south america ?
how many sides does the great pyramid of egypt have ?
when did the seattle seahawks go to superbowl ?
who played superman in the tv series smallville ?
where did the world war 1 take place ?
who played jesus in the movie the bible ?
who was the president when the civil war started ?
which nation is the fifa 2014 world cup holder ?
who won the best picture in the oscars ?
who played templeton peck in the a team ?
when was athens made the capital of greece ?
low-brow variety show that originated in new york city ?
who was the inventor of the electric bass ?
how many seasons are in the show heartland ?
when was st georges chapel at windsor castle built ?
how many members on the house of representatives ?
when was the last time mount saint helens exploded ?
who did rashad jennings play for in the nfl ?
distance from new milford ct to hartford ct ?
who did chris pratt play in guardians of the galaxy ?
what was the oldest form on government in greece ?
who got constructed the moti masjid in delhi ?
who wrote the music for heathers the musical ?
what does the writing on the brazilian flag mean ?
who is the president of the ohio senate ?
who plays at the bank of america stadium ?
where is the home court of the golden state warriors ?
who was the first person drafted in the nfl ?
what movie was the song bennie and the jets in ?
how many seats are in the australian parliament ?
who became the president of poland in 1990 ?
what is the capital town of western region ?
who has the most tackles in a nfl game ?
when did beyonce get her first record deal ?
who referred to the church as the mystical body of christ ?
who discovered neptune in the late 19th century ?
qualification of the members of the supreme court in the philippines ?
who does love island mike play football for ?
who wrote king arthur and the knights of the round table ?
what percentage of the us population have a college degree ?
how long is the term for state senator ?
who plays beverly's son in tommy boy ?
when was the first jurassic park movie released ?
who are the current justices of the u.s. supreme court ?
how many catholic churches are there in australia ?
what is the name of the speaker of parliament in ghana ?
when was the last year boston won the stanley cup ?
who played khan in the original star trek series ?
which two new england states were not part of the original colonies ?
the name of the speaker of the house now ?
who is the president of allstate insurance company ?
from which language has the word cheetah originated ?
who gives the call for prayer in islam ?
who was the president during the japanese internment ?
who played ron swanson on parks and recreation ?
who is the leader of the state government in australia ?
who won the popular vote in 2008 presidential election ?
what is the name of the currency of russia ?
largest country in the world by land area ?
what type of basketball is used in the nba ?
who wrote you've got that loving feeling ?
who played the gaston in beauty and the beast ?
who was the principal in saved by the bell ?
who led the red army in the russian civil war ?
how many years of college to get a bachelors degree ?
who did chris carter play for last year ?
who wrote the song prayer of st francis ?
where is red sea located in the world ?
who plays second base for the texas rangers ?
how many episodes of season 4 of the originals are there ?
what is the national anthem of sri lanka ?
what is area code 01446 in the uk ?
how many books are in series of unfortunate events ?
who is the new elected president of ecuador ?
who has the passing record in the nfl ?
when was the first building built in new york city ?
how many songs did the beatles record together ?
what triggered the may 18 1980 eruption of mount st. helens ?
who sang the national anthem for the super bowl this year ?
who wrote the book for in the heights ?
what percentage of hydropower is used in the united states ?
who did gaia and uranus gave birth to ?
what was the most recent star trek movie ?
who plays the character irok in ready player one ?
what is the name of the first president of america ?
who did bradley walsh play in coronation street ?
who played betty in some mothers do have them ?
what movie holds the record for most money made in an opening weekend ?
who did jeff hornacek play for in the nba ?
how many championships does the chicago bulls have ?
what is the name of the silver bean in chicago ?
when was the first little rascals movie made ?
who was the apostle that was crucified upside down ?
where are passports issued from in the uk ?
who did geena davis play in a league of their own ?
who is the head of the supreme court ?
what is a place of worship for christianity ?
who wrote in the presence of the lord ?
which province has the smallest population in south africa ?
how many zones are there in amhara region ?
how many episodes of andy griffith were made ?
who is the host of who wants to be millionaire ?
what network is broadcasting the ncaa basketball tournament ?
who becomes the governor in sons of fortune ?
who wrote the foreword to the first edition of the five laws of library science ?
farc is a guerrilla army operating primarily in what country ?
who does sean astin play in lord of the rings ?
the most common language in the eastern mediterranean during the height of the roman empire was ?
where did the king live before buckingham palace ?
who played sharona on the tv show monk ?
when did the movie cool runnings come out ?
where is the amazon rainforest located on a world map ?
who dies at the end of big little lies ?
what is the state capital of north carolina ?
what is the most nominated film for the oscars ?
where was the white house located in 1865 ?
who became chief justice of the supreme court after serving as president ?
who did the washington post endorse for president 2012 ?
which actor plays ronan in guardians of the galaxy ?
who fought on both sides of the revolutionary war ?
who plays emily cale in white house down ?
los angeles is east coast or west coast ?
what is the original name of puerto rico ?
where does the river roch begin and end ?
how many games in nba season per team ?
where is the honda civic type r made ?
which city is known as manchester of india ?
who plays rhonda from that 70's show ?
when's the last time the knicks made the playoffs ?
who was the first emperor of ancient china ?
who has the authority to make laws for the united states ?
mera joota hai japani song from which movie ?
who are alabama’s senators on the national level ?
who is the first born of the kardashians ?
who is the minister of sports and recreation ?
who are the actors that played dumbledore in harry potter ?
weapons used in the civil war by the union ?
who is the leader of opposition in jamaica ?
how many lives were lost in the bombing of hiroshima and nagasaki ?
what kind of paper is the huffington post ?
which disease name is an example of an eponym ?
what is the predominant religion in the ukraine ?
who is the owner of st louis cardinals ?
what is the name of the famous bridge in venice ?
who starred in the shootist with john wayne ?
what is the zip code for hamilton new jersey ?
who established central hindu school at kamcha varanasi ?
when was the first super bowl the patriots won ?
who was the founder of bank of america ?
who plays the guitar solo in let it be ?
branches of which tree appear on the un flag ?
where is a river runs through it filmed ?
when did the catholic church start being called catholic ?
when was the last time toronto won the stanley cup ?
when was the kingdom of saudi arabia created ?
who did liverpool get in the europa league ?
what type of cat is the whiskas cat ?
when did the abdicated king of england die ?
what are the colors on the american flag ?
is the usa common law or civil law ?
who did france play in the world cup finals ?
what time period did the t rex live in ?
when was palestine separated from the ottoman empire ?
where does the last name snyder come from ?
which country borders central america to the north ?
who won the rookie of the year in the national league ?
when did the navajo arrive in the southwest ?
when did olympic national park became a park ?
who won the primary for governor of illinois ?
when did jackie robinson retire from the brooklyn dodgers ?
who was the first host of the show jeopardy ?
who wrote erewhom what kind of novel is it ?
what kind of economy did the former confederates want ?
who was the voice of simba on the lion king ?
what is the name of the broncos mascot ?
number of countries with red white and blue flags ?
what breed of dog is a presa canario ?
new movie of sarah and john lloyd 2017 ?
what is the name of washington dc airport ?
is sicily a country or part of italy ?
who went number one in the nba draft ?
who played madeline bassett in jeeves and wooster ?
when did kevin garnett win defensive player of the year ?
who wrote how to mend a broken heart ?
how many chipotle locations are there in canada ?
which u.s. political party is considered to lean to the left ?
who is believed to be the founder of china’s shaolin temple ?
where do washington redskins play their home games ?
who played emma watson's mother in the circle ?
when did daylight savings time begin in indiana ?
what is the princesses name in the movie brave ?
actor who plays the beast in the new beauty and the beast ?
how many towns are in the state of connecticut ?
how many times were the yankees in the world series ?
who played alf garnett's son in law ?
who is the current coach of the nigerian super eagles ?
who played neil diamonds father in the jazz singer ?
who is chief of staff at the white house ?
who did the packers beat in the 2010 super bowl ?
who plays whitney houston in the lifetime movie ?
who plays the voice of powerline in a goofy movie ?
when did namibia choose english as its main national language ?
who's the best selling music artist of all time ?
who did auburn beat in the national championship ?
who played mcgarrett on the original hawaii five-o ?
who was the president of mexico in 2001 ?
what kind of darts does gary anderson use ?
who made the song you are my home ?
where was the first capital of the confederacy located ?
what is the mascot for the university of st louis ?
who won the nobel peace prize in 2009 ?
what was the first american city to host the olympic games ?
who is the actress in will and grace ?
what is a gift of the holy spirit ?
which office is second in authority in the house of representatives ?
what if god was one of us written by ?
who does miranda cosgrove play in despicable me ?
how many episodes are there of gavin and stacey ?
what does the name christian mean in spanish ?
who plays robert california's wife on the office ?
who determined who would be president of the united states in the election of 1800 ?
prosecutors are part of what branch of​ government ?
when is election day in alabama for senate ?
who's running for governor in the state of illinois ?
who is the mayor of santa rosa ca ?
what is the main airport in washington dc ?
on the banks of which are the capital cities of austria serbia and hungary located ?
where is the world of wearable art held ?
in which country there is a provision of due process of law ?
where was the first modern olympic games held ?
who does the voice of anakin in the clone wars ?
where did the gabbie show go to college ?
when did lagos became the capital of nigeria ?
when did the milwaukee bucks win the nba championship ?
who played ashley in the young and the restless ?
where did the renaissance primarily occur and during what centuries ?
when did the golden bear in huntington beach close ?
when was the last time a hurricane hit florida ?
when did the spurs win their last championship ?
who took over from eden as prime minister ?
who played sean connery on saturday night live ?
what was name of hurricane that hit puerto rico ?
who has been to the top of everest the most ?
who did new york choose on i love new york ?
which two district of nepal border on both india and china ?
who is leslie knope married to in real life ?
what type of literature from what period of history constitutes our earliest source of greek myths ?
when did the yankees last win the world series ?
who played glory in buffy the vampire slayer ?
what is the name of one of richmond’s club mascots ?
who was the prime minister of india in 1996 ?
kareem abdul jabbar most points in a single game ?
where is the district of tyre and sidon ?
how many roller coasters are there at busch gardens williamsburg ?
when did billy williams play for the cubs ?
when did canada become the official name of the land ?
who played charles dickens in the man who invented christmas ?
when did the communist party start in china ?
what are the qualifications for the president according to the constitution ?
who was the first woman that ran for president ?
who played mike tv in willy wonka 2005 ?
where is the academy of art university located ?
who was the first president who lived in the white house ?
when did the eagles win a super bowl ?
where did kevin durant go in the nba draft ?
when did the metropolitan museum of art open ?
who played faramir in the lord of the rings ?
what kind of electoral system does the us have ?
who was the italian poet who perfected the sonnet ?
how much is the owner of the dallas cowboys worth ?
when was the portrait of doge leonardo loredan painted ?
what is the owner of amazon's net worth ?
who is the director of the defense intelligence agency ?
when did the first dog become a pet ?
if you are from paraguay what are you called ?
who played alex p keaton on family ties ?
when did drew brees win the super bowl ?
what county is mt. dora fl in ?
what are the names of hawaii's islands ?
when does the movie paul apostle of christ come out ?
where was the movie the quick and the dead filmed ?
when did rise of the guardians come out ?
what are the names of the x files movies ?
what is the most popular sport in afghanistan ?
actor who plays kripke on big bang theory ?
when did diagon alley open at universal orlando ?
what does unesco do for world heritage sites ?
who plays in this year's world series ?
who voiced god in the prince of egypt ?
how many colleges and universities in the uk ?
who plays michael jackson in looking for neverland ?
where is the prado museum located in spain ?
what are the different geographical features found on the earths surface ?
who was the first official president of the united states ?
who played rafe bodine in north and south ?
where was the first state of origin held ?
where was tin pan alley in new york city ?
who was golden states coach before steve kerr ?
where does the mississippi river start and end ?
who is the youngest elected president of usa ?
where is sarajevo on a map of europe ?
who has the most grammy nominations as an artist ?
what is the term of office of a representative ?
who has the power to remove a senator from the senate ?
who sung the theme song in the movie high noon ?
what does the colours on the german flag represent ?
who played brandon on days of our lives ?
who owns the clift hotel in san francisco ?
how many local government area do we have in nigeria ?
who was leader of opposition in 2008 parliament of pakistan ?
where does the introduction go in a book ?
who sang the theme song for the jeffersons ?
what was the last movie clint eastwood directed ?
who does voice for lois on family guy ?
what are the two dominant ethnic groups on fiji ?
what kind of court system does canada have ?
who is the owner of american top team ?
who did the canucks get in the draft ?
who was the last nba player to get drafted out of highschool ?
what is the oldest football team in the nfl ?
where is the world series 2017 be held ?
who is considered the leader of progressive education ?
when did the first revelation of quran take place ?
when was canada's first railway line opened ?
what were the deathly hallows in harry potter ?
who played elvis in the movie elvis and me ?
when did jackie robinson get inducted into the hall of fame ?
when did the giants last win the world series ?
who plays glenn on the good doctor episode 7 ?
who made martin luther king day a federal holiday ?
when did labrador become a part of newfoundland ?
who voiced darth maul in the clone wars ?
what animals are on the michigan state flag ?
what branch of the government is the justice department in ?
who plays dr. riggs on grey's anatomy ?
who kills the queen in game of thrones ?
who plays jill on young and the restless ?
which article of the constitution addresses the states and territories ?
who plays ava gilbert in home and away ?
when was martin luther king jr speech i have a dream given ?
which two countries are separated by mac mohan line ?
who was the first govenor of new york ?
who did josh hutcherson play in justice league ?
what is the primary literary work of judaism ?
who played cody in suite life on deck ?
who played william in the film goodnight mr tom ?
who plays aunt brenda's husband in stella ?
who scored the winning goal in the 1977 fa cup final ?
when did the prophet muhammad have his first revolution ?
where does pati from pati's mexican table live ?
who plays star in star vs. the forces of evil ?
when was emily dickinson's poetry first published ?
what movie was the song take on me ?
who ran against obama in his first election ?
who was the last president to serve in the revolutionary war ?
what is the population of nashville tennessee metropolitan area ?
who is the coach of the indiana pacers ?
who dies at the end of american history x ?
how many inhabited islands are there in indonesia ?
what's the third percy jackson book called ?
when did the cavaliers win the nba finals ?
when was the count of monte cristo published ?
when did they start speaking english in england ?
where was the movie lady in white filmed ?
who was buried in the pyramid of giza ?
what kind of nuns are in call the midwife ?
lo que la vida me robo film location ?
who has hosted the most saturday night live shows ?
president of the south in the civil war ?
from what region of the philippines came the ibalong epic ?
is canada a city a country or a state ?
the noble landowners of prussia were known as ?
list of chapters in a book is called ?
who plays hallie and annie in the parent trap ?
who did frank reich play for in the nfl ?
who is the guy singing in if we were a movie ?
who played lois lane in the original superman ?
when is the nobel peace prize given out ?
when were each of the harry potter books released ?
what language do they speak in the galapagos islands ?
what city in florida did the shooting occur ?
when was the rose that grew from concrete written ?
who was president when mt st helens erupted ?
actress who played the little girl in waterworld ?
who was the main actor in sweet home alabama ?
where is the book of jasher mentioned in the bible ?
who played vivian in transformers the last knight ?
what was the name of the first ever mickey mouse cartoon ?
what was the first team to win the world series ?
what season of grey's anatomy are they on ?
when was the internet introduced to new zealand ?
who plays scooby doo in scooby doo 2 ?
when was the aca released to the public ?
when did charles dickens start his writing career ?
the legend of the blue sea actor name ?
when did the steelers last win the superbowl ?
when was google made available to the public ?
the song in the movie i can only imagine ?
where do most of our english words come from ?
who did seattle beat in the super bowl ?
when did tesla come to the united states ?
who was the band in the movie detroit ?
what is the most spoken language around the world ?
costa rica is located between which two countries ?
what division is university of maryland college park ?
who is the director of guardians of the galaxy ?
what is the time difference between utc and gmt ?
who won oscar for whatever happened to baby jane ?
when did ronaldo make his debut for portugal ?
where does the last name rincon come from ?
who was the band in back to the future ?
when did theres something about mary come out ?
when did michael jackson purchase the beatles catalog ?
original samsung company belongs to in which country ?
who does emma end up with jane austen ?
who plays jason in the good wife season 7 ?
what are the neighboring countries of dominican republic ?
how many barrels of beer does sierra nevada produce ?
how many presidents were republican and how many were democrat ?
what is the origin of the name palmer ?
who has the power to make treaties with foreign nations ?
when did lebron started playing in the nba ?
which is the most read newspaper in uk ?
what position does the vice president of the united states hold in the senate ?
what part of the philippines is marawi city ?
what kind of government does fiji islands have ?
who stars in the new jack ryan series ?
what were the names of popeye's nephews ?
when did the army air corp become the air force ?
who is the host of america has talent ?
when did yankees and dodgers last play in world series ?
where was the movie blue hawaii with elvis presley filmed ?
who is the prime minister of ivory coast ?
who was the letter of romans written to ?
who plays caleb snyder on as the world turns ?
who wrote whitney houston song i look to you ?
who played william pitt the younger in blackadder ?
who played gwen stacy in the amazing spider man ?
where is womens rugby world cup being held ?
how many planes does jetblue have in their fleet ?
what order do the hannibal lecter movies go in ?
what is the county seat of peoria county ?
who did scottie pippen play college basketball for ?
when was the last time montreal canadiens won the stanley cup ?
did kansas city start in kansas or missouri ?
who was the creator of victoria's secret ?
who played uncle arthur in the comedy company ?
who decides when where and how elections for senators and reps will be held ?
charlie from perks of being a wallflower actor ?
what does the name ziva mean in hebrew ?
which is the largest mountain range in the world ?
how many games did the new york knicks win last year ?
which prime minister declared war on germany in 1939 ?
how many episodes are there of the punisher on netflix ?
who conducted the lord of the rings soundtrack ?
where did the detroit pistons play before little caesars arena ?
actor who plays randall on if loving you is wrong ?
who was the co host of american idol ?
who built the temple of amun at karnak ?
what was the vector of the bubonic plague ?
what is the toronto blue jays mascot name ?
who played the diva in the movie fifth element ?
what is the name of the airport in bangalore ?
who was president when the banks were bailed out ?
who killed scarface in the end of the movie ?
who did zac efron voice in the lorax ?
when did newcastle united last won a trophy ?
what airline has its hub in charlotte nc ?
who gave the cowboys the nickname america's team ?
where did the cask of amontillado take place ?
who plays king edward in the white queen ?
when did the last soldier of the civil war die ?
who played jordan on the bernie mac show ?
what is the name of the avengers headquarters ?
where did the sinner's prayer come from ?
who did richard dormer play in game of thrones ?
who is regarded as the prophet of doom in the bible ?
who wrote the history of the kings of britian ?
what region of the country is missouri in ?
who played loretta lynn's father in coal miner's daughter ?
in which country does the limpopo river system have its mouth ?
what are the original inhabitants of a region or country called ?
who is the actor that plays the cat in the hat ?
where was the movie act of violence filmed ?
who chaired the constitutional convention in philadelphia in 1787 ?
when was the first star trek movie released ?
is a decision of the us supreme court enacted law or common law ?
what position did aaron judge play in football ?
when does the new movie justice league come out ?
what team has the most world series titles ?
who played marty in back to the future ?
who did chris long play football for last year ?
who plays john kinsella in field of dreams ?
who played luke skywalker in return of the jedi ?
who appoints the chief justice of the supreme court ?
what does the sun symbolize in the philippine flag ?
who played the original khan in star trek ?
when was the last time the steelers played in the super bowl ?
where did san diego chargers get their name ?
what is the full name of nigerian president ?
how many stars are on the ohio state flag ?
who played young captain kirk in star trek ?
what does cantina mean in english from spanish ?
who was the supreme court justice who was impeached ?
what is the currency in new zealand called ?
who played ellen on little house on the prairie ?
who did regina king play in the boondocks ?
what is the area code for austin texas ?
who does the voice of vic on f is for family ?
when was the last time the sens were in the playoffs ?
when did columbia become the capital of sc ?
who is playing in the national league championship ?
name of the king in the king and i ?
name a us president that ends with son ?
when was the first full length movie made ?
who helped build mission san francisco de asis ?
when was the last time toronto won a playoff series ?
who played michael j fox girlfriend in back to the future ?
who is the writer of sukh karta dukh harta ?
who was the producer of dark side of the moon ?
who played lois lane in the superman movies with christopher reeves ?
who does seth macfarlane voice in american dad ?
approximately how much of earth’s water is freshwater ?
when was the last time the cavs won a championship ?
who won britain's got talent 2012 winner ?
who controlled the house and senate in 2010 ?
where is sagawa express co. ltd's headquarters located ?
who played anakin skywalker in return of jedi ?
who starred in the tv show the wild wild west ?
when was the song starry starry night written ?
who wrote the autobiographical novel the english teacher ?
who remarked poets are the unacknowledged legislators of the world ?
who does wickham marry in pride and prejudice ?
who sang on pink floyd great gig in the sky ?
who plays stacey in stacy's mom music video ?
when did frontier take over verizon in california ?
who won the first afl premiership in 1897 ?
what song did paul mccartney wrote for julian lennon ?
when did new orleans saints win super bowl ?
when was the first time the chicago cubs won the world series ?
the swiss religious reformer who established the protestant reformation in zürich was ?
who was elected president of the constitutional convention ?
how much is the continent of africa worth ?
who is the winner of rajiv gandhi khel ratna award ?
what did michael jackson and paul mccartney sing together ?
who played matt brody on the original baywatch ?
during which literary periods did phillis wheatley publish a book of poems ?
what is the most popular religion in ukraine ?
when was the last time dallas won a playoff game ?
when was the last time the rockets were in the finals ?
actress who was oscar nominated for the 1999 film leaving las vegas ?
what is the code for uk mobile numbers ?
this african nation is located south of sudan and west of kenya ?
when did andrew carnegie wrote the gospel of wealth ?
who was mel gibson's character in the patriot based on ?
who is the speaker of the house nz ?
what year did lebron james win his first nba title ?
what are the two offical languages of puerto rico ?
who played brad in the original rocky horror picture show ?
ye un dino ki baat actress real name ?
what is the meaning of indian flag colours in hindi ?
what area of san diego is sdsu in ?
where is love it and list it too filmed ?
who gives the state of the union address ?
what is the capital city of equatorial guinea ?
what is the only english speaking country in south america ?
who was the first player ever drafted in the nba ?
what is the capital of south carolina usa ?
who is the architect of sheikh zayed mosque ?
who is the father of jacob and esau in the bible ?
who is the chief officer of the house of representatives of the senate ?
what kind of government was the roman republic ?
who were the last three governors of illinois ?
who said politics is the struggle for power ?
which countries form tri point of the diphu mountain pass ?
where is the painting whistler's mother located ?
who plays maggie on days of our lives ?
who is the actor that plays the beast in beauty and the beast ?
which political party is currently in power in ireland ?
who does spencer end up with in the books ?
what tv show had a dog named cleo ?
who played carrie mother in the original movie ?
who won coach of the year in the nba ?
who won the oscar for best animated short film ?
who plays beast in the live action beauty and the beast ?
actor who plays joey on days of our lives ?
how many times peyton been to super bowl ?
who is the head of the church in england ?
who plays edmond dantes in the count of monte cristo ?
where is little big town based out of ?
who was the first president to be killed in office ?
who played blanche dubois in streetcar named desire ?
what is the value of a presidential dollar coin ?
where does the merrimack river start in missouri ?
who won the espy for best nba player ?
when did the red sox sweep the world series ?
who has been appointed as the interim prime minister of pakistan ?
who bore abraham first son in the bible ?
who did the lakers pick in this year's draft ?
number of cities and towns in rhode island ?
who plays skeeter in the movie the help ?
where is switzerland located on the world map ?
when did the first battle of the civil war take place ?
who presided over the philadelphia convention of 1787 ?
which national football team does chelsea star fernando tores play for ?
who does the voice of jenn in the jesse stone movies ?
fort wayne indiana lies on which line of longitude ?
which is the most popular sport in america ?
who was elected president of chile in january 2006 ?
who is the singer of tum mere ho ?
most rushing yards for a qb in the super bowl ?
when was the first mccafe opened and where ?
who played herod in jesus christ superstar movie ?
who wrote the novel king solomon's mines ?
when did the anaheim angels change their name ?
when did the first tom and jerry cartoon air ?
who did deion sanders play for in the nfl ?
who have the colts played in the super bowl ?
what states have access to the ogallala aquifer ?
where was the previous fifa world cup held ?
tomb raider which came first movie or game ?
who played carol anne in the movie poltergeist ?
the legislature having two houses is known as ?
actor who plays the title role in the film black panther ?
what is the closest airport to las cruces new mexico ?
where was the movie adventures in babysitting filmed ?
what is the name of one of the african trading empires ?
who plays the queen in star wars episode 1 ?
when was the last time red sox won world series ?
who is morgan freeman in the lego movie ?
name the highest mountain peak in north america ?
west bengal is in which side of india ?
cairo is situated on the bank of which river ?
where was thomas paine's common sense written ?
what language do they speak in the island of dominica ?
where does the fraser river in bc start ?
who plays girl in guardians of the galaxy ?
how much is a crown in british currency ?
what is the meaning of the phrase ecrasez l infame ?
who plays the main emoji in the emoji movie ?
how many episodes does steven universe season 1 have ?
who does the voice of lola in big mouth ?
5 largest cities by population in the us ?
how many pages is little house in the big woods ?
after the united states acquired utah who was named governor ?
how many members does the us supreme court have ?
who was the coach of the 1980 usa olympic hockey team ?
which actress helped create the voice of et ?
when did seasons in the sun come out ?
who played opal in she's gotta have it ?
who played joey stivic on all in the family ?
who plays eomer in lord of the rings ?
which president was the general in charge of the union army during the civil war ?
how many world series have the los angeles dodgers one ?
what marine boot camp is in san diego ?
when did london win the 2012 olympic bid ?
what year did the cowboys and steelers play in the super bowl ?
who played mary mae ward on general hospital ?
who is the movie the pursuit of happiness based on ?
who asserted that the mind was located in the heart ?
when is the us open women's tennis final ?
who is the oldest player to have played in a world cup ?
who played gimli in the lord of the rings movies ?
how many times did david beckham play for england ?
who did the music for a quiet place ?
who sang in the movie west side story ?
who was the mayor of atlanta in 1996 ?
who plays ra's al ghul in arrow ?
who is the head coach of the cleveland browns ?
who played much in robin hood prince of thieves ?
name the landforms that form the boundaries of the peninsular plateau ?
when did voyager 1 cross into interstellar space ?
who should be called the father of radio ?
who did lionel messi play for before barcelona ?
what radio station is the world cup on washington dc ?
who was the king of england that abdicated ?
when does new justice league movie come out ?
who wrote cry pretty sung by carrie underwood ?
who is known as the father of our nation ?
who chaired the constitutional convention during the summer of 1787 ?
who played the role of maria in the sound of music film ?
who played king george vi in the king's speech ?
who plays the voice of hayley on american dad ?
what movie was wicked games the song in ?
who was the first king of the roman empire ?
who wrote you don't know what it's like to love somebody ?
what is the currency in isle of man ?
what type of books does sidney sheldon write ?
what city did suicide squad take place in ?
how many hindu religion country in the world ?
when did the first zoo in the world open ?
what category of hurricane was matthew when it hit florida ?
what is the mother tongue of andhra pradesh ?
when did armenia gain independence from the soviet union ?
who played dr. frankenfurter in the pop-culture film 'rocky horror picture show ?
1. what city was built as the new capital for the abbasids ?
who does dwight end up with on the office ?
what was tom's wife name on the jeffersons ?
what type of college is san diego state university ?
what is the type of government in wales ?
when did man city win the fa cup ?
where were the olympic games held in ancient greece ?
who was the first black football player to win the heisman trophy ?
where was the legend of the seeker filmed ?
the area which separates pakistan from tajikistan is called ?
who was the school of athens painted for ?
who was chris webber drafted for on draft night ?
who began the building of the great hypostyle hall at karnak ?
who plays marilyn in battle of the sexes ?
who played jamie in malcom in the middle ?
the person you are going to marry is called ?
when does the men's basketball acc tournament start ?
where is the raiders new stadium going to be ?
game of thtones season 7 how many episodes ?
who did liam neeson play in star wars ?
what is brazil the world's leading producer of ?
what kind of money is used in argentina ?
when did the white sox win the world series ?
how many pages are in the harry potter series ?
when was the last time the new york mets won the world series ?
where was the decisive battle for texas independence fought ?
who was the artist who cowrote and first recorded the song tutti frutti ?
where was the first battle of the american revolution fought ?
who were the opposing sides in the revolutionary war ?
how long can a person be president in germany ?
what page is surah mulk in the quran ?
who did roger federer beat in his first grand slam ?
which team did neymar play for before barcelona ?
what does d.c stand for in washington dc ?
who played regina in once upon a time ?
when did the united arab emirates gain independence ?
which star wars movie was boba fett in ?
which actress stars as a mom in the film diary of a wimpy kid the long haul ?
who plays charlotte york in sex and the city ?
when does chapter 75 of jane the virgin come out ?
who won man of the match in 1983 world cup final ?
japanese for spirits these are associated with shintoism ?
what is the cats name from alice in wonderland ?
what type of party system is there in china ?
how many new zealand athletes in winter olympics ?
when was the city of san francisco founded ?
who ran as a third party candidate in 1992 ?
kabaddi is the national sport of which country ?
which of the following tool is part of the name of an olympic game ?
who is the current ruler of the netherlands ?
who won the ramon magsaysay award this year from india ?
who did the seahawks play in super bowl 2014 ?
who is the elected governor of ekiti state ?
who gave the name sagarmatha to mt. everest ?
what greek roots were used to create the word photography ?
what is the tip of south america called ?
who is considered to be the first pope ?
who played in last year's stanley cup finals ?
who plays the voice of scar in lion king ?
what is the meaning of the name paige ?
who played michael myers sister in halloween 2007 ?
who played the angel of death in touched by an angel ?
what is the most popular beer brand in germany ?
when did the new season of ncis start ?
who did the patriots beat in the last super bowl ?
who wrote the play a raisin in the sun ?
what is the most common name in mexico ?
who plays walt longmire in the series longmire ?
where is the headquarter of the united nations situated ?
who plays cruella de vil in 102 dalmatians ?
who played the mohawk guy in road warrior ?
what season of the voice was miley cyrus on ?
when did the us bomb japan after pearl harbor ?
where was the last winter olympic games held ?
where is riverview florida located on the map ?
cast of time after time the tv show ?
what is the next walt disney signature collection movie ?
what year is the wonder woman movie set in ?
who is the actor that plays mr noodle ?
who was president during the movie the post ?
where was the shape of water movie filmed ?
when was the first roller coaster built in the world ?
who played jimmy olsen in the original superman ?
where is indonesia located in relation to australia ?
who did the houston rockets play in the playoffs ?
in an election what is the person who already holds an office ?
who plays will smith's partner in bright ?
who wrote the commentary of bhagavad gita called gnaneswari ?
who was the original singer of sweet home alabama ?
when was the lion the witch and the wardrobe movie released ?
who united all the sikh and founded a kingdom in the punjab ?
who is the head coach of the miami marlins ?
what is the geographic center of new england ?
who elect the members of the rajya sabha ?
the chechen republic is located in this region of russia ?
when did english become the official language of the philippines ?
who does crush's voice in finding nemo ?
which country is the largest producer of coconut in the world ?
who is the director of the movie jurassic world ?
who elects the president of the european parliament ?
when did the warriors make the grand final ?
who is the president during the korean war ?
when was the first movie of harry potter released ?
where do lake huron and lake michigan meet ?
which way does the saint lawrence river flow ?
actor who starred as title character in prosperos books ?
who won the popular vote in 2012 us presidential election ?
nilgiri himalayan and arabic are type of what ?
troy fall of a city where was it filmed ?
after what season was the x files movie ?
who played kelly on the drew carey show ?
where does the tour de france take place ?
how many countries are there in the continent of africa ?
who died on the set of twilight zone ?
where do the new york mets play ball ?
how many season did shaq play in the nba ?
what is the name of vice president of usa ?
where is catholic university of east africa located ?
is a saxophone a woodwind or brass instrument ?
where did the battle take place in julius caesar ?
when was the office of the vice president created ?
what is the point of the state of the union address ?
who did john micky play in coronation street ?
who played chrissa in the american girl movie ?
who did pep guardiola manage before manchester city ?
which airport in lisbon does ryanair fly to ?
who plays stephanie on the bold and beautiful ?
who plays armin in attack on titan dubbed ?
who holds the ball for the field goal kicker ?
who plays jack donaghy in the tv movie ?
what's the zip code for o'fallon missouri ?
what is the most common surname in the philippines ?
who wrote the song love me like you do ?
what animal lives in the center of the puerto rican coat of arms ?
who is current chief justice of sindh high court ?
grey's anatomy who killed the burn victim ?
where is the pro bowl played at this year ?
what is the weather and climate in ireland ?
who was the first indian to win a grammy award for his performance titled east meets west ?
how many movies does the twilight series have ?
how do you pronounce the capital of tahiti ?
sacred word in hinduism used as an object of concentration ?
how many teams are in the ncaa womens soccer tournament ?
what is the current repo rate in india ?
who is belle's father in beauty and the beast movie ?
who does a quarterback throw the ball to ?
when did the national league and american league merge ?
who did the states rights party nominate for president in 1948 ?
who does phoebe from friends end up with ?
who plays dr harris on girlfriends guide to divorce ?
who played bruce banner in the original incredible hulk ?
there are approximately federal district court judges in the united states ?
who won the illinois senate race of 1858 ?
who plays mark twain in the movie ridiculous 6 ?
who wrote the song sweet dreams are made of this ?
who played rachel lynde in anne of green gables ?
what is the main religion of the dominican republic ?
what kind of political system does spain have ?
who played ray in star wars the force awakens ?
who was named the commander of the continental army ?
what body of water is san juan puerto rico on ?
what freeway runs through seattle portland sacramento and los angeles ?
who was president of the united states in 1938 ?
who plays carrie bradshaw in the carrie diaries ?
who is the 28th president of the united states ?
where did doug pederson coach before the eagles ?
who plays tracey in birds of a feather ?
who played tom hanks son in apollo 13 ?
where is lake windermere on the uk map ?
who is the honduran ambassador to the us ?
who died in the cast of family matters ?
what is the mascot of oregon state university ?
who played the girl joey in the movie el dorado ?
where did the first balkan war take place ?
when did the arab spring start in libya ?
where does the water come from for victoria falls ?
what is the body of water that runs underneath the verrazano bridge ?
who wrote the song this is my country ?
where was eat pray love filmed in italy ?
over a period of about ____ years google established itself as the best search engine ?
where is the cadbury creme egg factory located in england ?
who won the academy award for best actor ?
who is buried in the aisle of st george's chapel ?
who stars in the good witch tv series ?
who plays will in netflix lost in space ?
when does the next episode of young and hungry come out ?
what form of government does el salvador have ?
who did ashley go out with in made in chelsea ?
when did the netherlands became a constitutional monarchy ?
who has had control of the house and senate ?
in 2016 disney released moana . but what other movie did they also release ?
when does the emoji movie come out in the usa ?
who played walter white in the amc series breaking bad ?
what are the surrounding cities of las vegas ?
who played webster in the tv show webster ?
what episode in friends does phoebe get married ?
how many senators per state in the us ?
what is the bullys name on the simpsons ?
how many episodes of the daily show are there ?
who is the head of the us department of education ?
who sings chained to the rhythm with katy perry ?
who played bella in bella and the bulldogs ?
who plays amanda in law and order svu ?
who was married to bet lynch in coronation street ?
who is captain of the cornelia marie now ?
how many tube stations are there in london ?
where did the ioway tribe live in iowa ?
where does randal live in this is us ?
when did the steelers last play in the super bowl ?
who does jane in drop dead diva end up with ?
what is the largest borough in alaska by population ?
who is the minister of defence in zambia ?
when is the next election for us senators ?
who played david in once upon a time ?
how many fifa world cups does france have ?
in 2016 who became the ceo of wipro company ?
who played mario in the super mario movie ?
what is the longest running current tv show ?
who plays the part of ryan in emmerdale ?
what does the o in an irish name mean ?
where is the southern most part of canada ?
the right to education act was enforced on ?
which political party was in power in 2005 ?
who voices eren jaeger in the english dub ?
what is the current population of phoenix arizona ?
who was most recently appointed supreme court justice ?
what is the name of the french overseas department ?
who did the miami heat beat for their first championship ?
who were the commanders of the battle of shiloh ?
what do winners of america got talent win ?
who starred in the sundance winner the tao of steve ?
when did michael jordan win the national championship ?
where was worst hit by boxing day tsunami ?
who does the voice for jack frost in rise of the guardians ?
who plays harley quinn in the animated series ?
who plays elizabeth keen's grandfather on the blacklist ?
what type of government did the qing dynasty have ?
when was the last team added to the nba ?
year of the fall of the berlin wall ?
who wrote the music for come from away ?
wagner's tristan und isolde is an example of ?
who played mel gibson's wife in the patriot ?
who is the most popular channel on youtube ?
who sings the theme song for happy valley ?
who wrote the screenplay for shape of water ?
who is the author of series of unfortunate events ?
who sings s a t u r d a y night ?
who has the most passing tds in nfl history ?
who did the steelers play in the 2009 super bowl ?
who hold the majority in the house of representatives ?
when did britain become the most powerful empire ?
who did morgan freeman play in driving miss daisy ?
when did lebron james start playing basketball in the nba ?
where are most of the worlds landmasses located ?
what are the colours of the french flag ?
who was most recently appointed to the supreme court ?
what are the three main branches of phonetics ?
who is the minister of defence in sri lanka ?
who appoints the prime minister in trinidad and tobago ?
who wrote a change in me beauty and the beast ?
who plays alex in wizards of waverly place ?
what year did bucks fizz won the eurovision song contest ?
what nfl team does desmond king play for ?
who won the oscar for the best picture ?
who invented the first cell phone ever made ?
who is the owner of phoenix market city ?
what state did the battle of shiloh take place in ?
when was the last time a president was shot ?
who played the lead role in secret superstar ?
who is the chairman of the federal reserve ?
what year was the film the revenant set ?
what are the four main political parties in australia ?
who supported the republican party that was formed in 1854 ?
when did the war in vietnam actually start ?
when did the us invaded iraq the first time ?
who voiced jason todd in under the red hood ?
who discovered positive and negative charges in atoms ?
who was the leader of the bolsheviks in 1917 during the november revolution ?
how many starbucks are there around the world ?
what's the state of new york city ?
who got picked before durant in the draft ?
who was the first president to live in the white house ?
what are the mountains in los angeles called ?
who played gomez in the addams family tv show ?
who is jennifer from days of our lives married to in real life ?
the prophet who received the revelation of the qur'an was ?
where did royal family live before buckingham palace ?
where did jim thome go to high school ?
who is the owner of 21st century fox ?
what kind of economic system did west germany have ?
where is the source of the murray river ?
when did sicily become a part of italy ?
who is the original lead singer for ac dc ?
who was the first elected president of the united states ?
what terminal does american fly into at o'hare ?
who plays donna's dad on that 70s show ?
when is the sun at it's highest point ?
where is the mountain region located in north carolina ?
when did hong kong go back to china ?
who is the actress that plays emma in once upon a time ?
contribution of egypt in the field of science ?
whats the name of the first hobbit movie ?
who played young vito corleone in godfather ii ?
who plays scott granger on young and restless ?
who did tom hanks play in apollo 13 ?
who directed the movie mash and what year was it released ?
sweden national debt as a percentage of gdp ?
when was the song imagine written by john lennon ?
what type of issues did the progressives address ?
where did jennifer aniston work in the movie office space ?
how many referendums have there been in the uk ?
who was the founding father of the peoples republic of china ?
when was way down by elvis presley released ?
what is the main language spoken in laos ?
who does robin williams play in happy feet 2 ?
when was the last time nl won the all star game ?
who played queen victoria in the greatest showman ?
who did hong kong belong to before china ?
where is the headquarter of indian post payment bank ?
who was the president of the russian republic at the time of the disintegration of the soviet union ?
where was the titanic coming from and where was it going ?
kareem abdul jabbar most points in one game ?
when did in n out come to arizona ?
famous in love season 1 how many episodes ?
who was the only justice to be impeached ?
who is the lead singer of go west ?
where was the first aldi store opened in australia ?
what is the largest seating capacity nfl stadium ?
what does hov lane mean in atlanta georgia ?
who played burt in i can only imagine ?
who was the first us president to be nominated at a large party convention ?
who is the gm of the charlotte hornets ?
who won the nba finals in the last four years ?
what is the name of modern day persia ?
where is the university of central florida located ?
who played the king in the movie one night with the king ?
who won the first nobel prize for peace ?
where is the beginning of the mississippi river located ?
how many championships do new york knicks have ?
name any 4 democratic countries of the world ?
what three modern countries are on the northern border of greece ?
who plays captain kirk in the new star trek movies ?
who plays campbell in bring it on the musical ?
who won the best actress oscar this year ?
who played ross and monica's cousin in friends ?
what religion was the man in hacksaw ridge ?
how many american citizens live in the united states ?
who plays david on the haves and have nots ?
who played mozart in mozart in the jungle ?
who stars in a league of their own ?
where did the opening battle of the revolutionary war take place ?
what is the two seasons in the philippines ?
who plays sonny in sonny with a chance ?
where is greater antilles located on a map ?
who played jan brady in the brady bunch movie ?
who played the joker in the dark knoght ?
who sings the country version of i swear ?
what is the most common language in mexico ?
who drafted most of the declaration of independence ?
what is the largest ethnic group in the united states ?
who played cinderella in the live action movie ?
who was executed by the british for being an american spy during the american revolution ?
what is the origin of the last name matthews ?
where was the movie live and let die filmed ?
who played glen miller in the glenn miller story ?
where was the song america the beautiful written ?
when does the new got book come out ?
where was the movie for a few dollars more made ?
what five countries border on the caspian sea ?
who plays zack and cody in the suite life ?
when did the model a ford come out ?
who was buried in the pyramids of egypt ?
who plays the sister in to the bone ?
where does the phrase god helps those who help themselves come from ?
where is rocky mountain high school in idaho ?
what does the color of guyana flag mean ?
who has more nba championships celtics or lakers ?
who wrote don't you want somebody to love ?
actress who plays flo on progressive insurance commercials ?
which is the higest peak in the world ?
who is the actor who plays doctor strange ?
where was the movie the magic of belle isle filmed ?
what bible does the catholic church use at mass ?
who plays the girl in the avatar movie ?
how many goals did cristiano ronaldo score for man utd ?
who did john michie play in coronation street ?
how many books are there in the diary of a wimpy kid series ?
who played ba baracus in the a-team movie ?
who stars in the new lara croft film ?
who played frodo in the hunchback of notre dame ?
where is the great mosque of djenne located ?
where was the andy griffith show filmed at ?
who founded the order or congregation in western australia ?
when was the last time the raiders won a super bowl ?
when was the story of an artist written ?
who is the president of the south korea ?
how many episodes of doc martin are there ?
where was the first hudson bay company post ?
who played queen victoria in the tv series ?
who is rose related to in fuller house ?
what is the largest ethnic group in germany ?
when was the movie escape from new york made ?
what are the two most successful teams in spains soccer clubs ?
who wrote the music for bye bye birdie ?
who did libya gain independence from in 1951 ?
pretty little liars who is the real a ?
how many surahs are revealed in makkah and madinah ?
when did johnny cash record i won back down ?
where are they playing the all-star baseball game ?
love yourself by justin bieber is about who ?
what region of the world is greece in ?
how many songs did lennon and mccartney write ?
who played barney in how i met your mother ?
where did the last name wallace come from ?
who was the actor that played ben stone on law and order ?
who is considered as the founder of the indian national congress ?
who is under the mask of darth vader ?
who tries the president if he is impeached ?
who plays james on once upon a time ?
when was the first australian prime minister elected ?
who plays joker in batman the dark knight ?
who played milburn drysdale on the beverly hillbillies ?
who played karen walker on will & grace ?
who is the coach for the ottawa senators ?
who won the grammy for best rap album in 2001 ?
what are the colors of the netherlands flag ?
what kind of planes does spirit airlines fly ?
who does eric end up with in that 70s show ?
when did the lakers play the celtics in the finals ?
when did houston go to the american league ?
who played in the super bowl in 2013 ?
how many countries are members of the british commonwealth ?
what is the name of the canal that separates central and south america ?
who sings the theme song for the tv show cops ?
who sings she's like the wind lyrics ?
an ancient city state on north african coast in present day tunisia ?
when did oscar de la hoya start boxing ?
is jamie on malcolm in the middle a boy or girl ?
who plays michael's nephew on the office ?
who is the minister of local government in zimbabwe ?
where does san luis obispo airport fly to ?
dutch painter of the abstract art movement de stijl ?
what were the territories that rome conquered called ?
who was the last person killed by the guillotine ?
how many teams go to stanley cup playoffs ?
who plays noah newman on the young and the restless ?
who did aibileen work for in the help ?
who did the voice of king julian in madagascar ?
what's the population of gallup new mexico ?
what team did coutinho play for before liverpool ?
who was the husband of esther in the bible ?
who was the famous scientist that ran the research lab moseley went to in manchester ?
who was the second pope of the catholic church ?
what was the major platform of the know-nothing party ?
where did the battle of wilson's creek take place ?
who was the first elected president of poland ?
how much does it cost to get a turkish passport ?
who changed the royal family name to windsor ?
how many shows does dave chappelle have on netflix ?
who is currently serving as president of the senate ?
when was the first fast and furious movie released ?
what type of economic system was utilized in the soviet union ?
who is petra's mother in jane the virgin ?
who was president of the us in 1990 ?
who controlled the house and the senate in 2012 ?
who does christopher walken play in the jungle book ?
who did shane harper play in high school musical 2 ?
who takes over if the president is removed from office ?
when was the first female supreme court justice appointed ?
who did johnny depp play in pirates of caribbean ?
what was tom hanks character name in castaway ?
where is st. louis located on the map ?
when did the last revolutionary war veteran died ?
representatives elected to the senate serve how many year terms ?
who is the university of texas football coach ?
who has the most passing touchdowns in the nfl ?
how many super bowl games has the patriots played in ?
what was the smallest country to win world cup ?
who are the coaches for the arizona cardinals ?
where does the rich live in new york ?
who made the song falling in love with you ?
what is the first book of percy jackson ?
who was originally cast to play indiana jones ?
what is the most common religion in the us ?
who played amy grant i i can only imagine ?
where was american horror story the coven filmed ?
who appoints the chair of the federal reserve system ?
what type of political system does el salvador have ?
what county is marco island in in florida ?
who is president of india in present time ?
what role does the president play in foreign affairs ?
who is the owner of the oakland raiders ?
where does jumanji welcome to the jungle take place ?
who won the fifa world best player 2001 ?
who is the taylor swift song gorgeous about ?
who played the first meg on family guy ?
who won the mlb all-star game last year ?
who wrote the book shout at the devil ?
element named after fictional planet from which superman came ?
what team did michael jordan play for when he came back ?
what is the mascot of james madison university ?
what started the war between us and japan ?
who was the last president to receive a and actual formal declaration of war from congress ?
who plays the first nfl game this year ?
what dialect of spanish is spoken in spain ?
who is the current chair of the u.s. central bank and on what date did this person take office ?
which country is the last member of saarc ?
who plays timon in lion king on broadway ?
who played the king in season 1 of game of thrones ?
what languages are spoken in india the most ?
what was the real name of saudi arabia ?
who played the mad hatter in the batman tv show ?
who played the bunny on secret life of pets ?
what category was hurricane charley when it hit florida ?
who is the team that beat the eagles this season ?
who wrote the books of luke and acts ?
when did lionel messi play his first game for barcelona ?
what time period does the princess bride take place ?
what do you call a follower of zoroastrianism ?
when did mcgee became a regular on ncis ?
who is the actress that plays dabby on disjointed ?
who sang the song how do you do ?
the book one part woman has been authored by whom ?
who is the public protector is south africa ?
who is the prime minister of trinidad and tobago ?
country with the most borders with other countries ?
where is the capital city of alabama located ?
who did the broncos beat in the super bowl ?
who did taylor swift wrote the song mine about ?
which country in south america has the smallest land area ?
the eastern empire adopted which language in replacement of latin ?
when was the last time the kansas city chiefs won the superbowl ?
who sponsored portuguese fleets that sailed along the western coast of africa ?
who was the first elected prime minister of britain ?
when was the story of an hour published ?
who is the owner of reading football club ?
who wrote the equation for the law of gravitation ?
who has been appointed as the new prime minister of france ?
who was the mvp of the nba this season ?
who plays the dad in nanny mcphee and the big bang ?
how many languages in harry potter translated into ?
when was the last time giants won superbowl ?
when was the last time the jaguars won a playoff game ?
where do the miami dolphins have training camp ?
when was roald dahl's first book published ?
when did the golden state warriors win the finals ?
who is the chief justice of punjab high court ?
how was the culture of iran changed after the revolution ?
who is the actor that plays dr. sean murphy ?
where did the orioles play before camden yards ?
who is the us attorney general right now ?
what president served more than 2 terms in office ?
what album is sacrifice by elton john on ?
who wants to be a millionaire american winner ?
who played andrew on touched by an angel ?
what is the ethnic background of the shib sibs ?
how much for a passport in the philippines ?
jason off of pretty little liars real name ?
when did the british beat the french in canada ?
how many episodes of corrie has there been ?
what is the unit of currency in northern ireland ?
where did the san diego chargers play their home games ?
who wrote the original leaving on a jet plane ?
who sings on the phantom of the opera soundtrack ?
when is the last time the celtics went to the finals ?
best actor oscar winner 2 years in a row ?
who played schindler in the movie schindler's list ?
who is jack's mother in when calls the heart ?
who was the head of the spanish inquisition ?
when was the city of new york founded ?
when did the first harry potter book come put ?
who was elected president in mexico in 2000 ?
where was the first university in the world founded ?
who played worf's son in star trek the next generation ?
what does the sun represent on the uruguay flag ?
who was in charge of the revolutionary war ?
where is alexandria in africa on the map ?
what position did doug peterson play in the nfl ?
longest-running scripted primetime tv series in the us ?
what are the words for love in greek ?
who plays robin hood's son in once upon a time ?
who was the aztec ruler when the spanish arrived ?
who does bryce dallas howard play in the grinch ?
who plays the robot on the orville show ?
what is the largest city in central america ?
when did the toyota land cruiser come out ?
how many wars held between india and pakistan ?
the most important battles in the revolutionary war ?
who played jono on star trek next generation ?
when was the last time the jets won a playoff game ?
who sang don't go breaking my heart in ella enchanted ?
who became the king of ayodhya after ram ?
where was the author when he wrote the star spangled banner ?
where is the eastern caribbean central bank located ?
which mountains are higher the rockies or the appalachians ?
who does jackson end up with in sons of anarchy ?
who lived in costa rica before the spanish ?
which russian leader defeated the tatars at the battle of kazan ?
when was the last time a canadian team was in the stanley cup ?
what are the power of supreme court in the philippines ?
how many paintings of sunflowers did van gogh paint ?
what is the time zone for the us ?
where is the orinoco river located on a map ?
who is the governor of the central bank of nigeria ?
when does the cannes film festival take place ?
who's the actor that plays jeepers creepers ?
what kind of government does the united state have ?
who wrote the song she's a lady ?
who is the actress that plays daphne on switched at birth ?
when did islamabad became the capital of pakistan ?
when did the blues brothers movie come out ?
how much of the indian population speaks english ?
who did deion sanders go in the hall of fame as ?
who is the minister for finance in nigeria ?
who was originally cast as phoebe on charmed ?
who plays arlo's dad in the good dinosaur ?
who did johnny manziel play college football for ?
who represents el paso in the house of representatives ?
who played hi five in the emoji movie ?
what is the name of tampa bay's mlb team ?
who led the israelites to the promised land ?
who won game 4 of the 2000 nba finals ?
what song does lindsay lohan sing in freaky friday ?
annie liebovitz is known for her photographs in which area ?
who killed the governor on the walking dead ?
where was the tv show in the heat of the night filmed ?
where does the president's appointment power come from ?
where was the movie journey to the center of the earth filmed ?
what part of the world is costa rica in ?
when was the first book made into a movie ?
where did they film the movie the cowboys ?
who wrote antigone and what are the dates of his birth and death ?
where does the ohio river and the mississippi river meet ?
who played aunt charlotte in the movie the patriot ?
what is the name of an australian wasp ?
where is the mexican little league team from ?
who is the minister of public services and procurement canada ?
who sang the theme song for robin hood ?
where is the colorado school of mines located ?
where does the reed go on a saxophone ?
who do howie long's son's play for in the nfl ?
who played coretta on the steve harvey show ?
what is the money called in south korea ?
where did the battle of normandy take place ?
where does the river nile get its water from ?
where is the las vegas raiders stadium located ?
who was the president of pakistan during 1971 war ?
who sings the song at the end of finding nemo ?
who has won the most best actress awards ?
when did disney art of animation resort open ?
who was supposed to play indiana jones before harrison ford ?
what are the 3 museums in the golden triangle of art in madrid ?
when did china become the people's republic of china ?
who is regarded as the founder of psychoanalysis ?
who played the lead role in seinfeld on nbc until it ended in 1998 ?
who played maudie in the movie el dorado ?
yeh rishta kya kehlata hai lead actress name ?
who does marge's voice on the simpsons ?
when does the new governor of new jersey take office ?
where was the movie molly's game filmed ?
whats the name of the desert in dubai ?
when did lagos become a colony of britain ?
who's song is i shot the sheriff ?
which church was given a letter in the book of revelation ?
where does the this is us family live ?
how many pennsylvania house of representatives are there ?
who played darth vader in star wars 4 ?
who played spike in buffy the vampire slayer ?
who has made the most points in the nba ?
when was diary of a wimpy kid published ?
who starred in the movie from here to eternity ?
how did the dominican republic get its name ?
where does the tour de france end in paris ?
who built the kaaba stone according to the quran ?
when did michael jordan return to the nba ?
when did elvis presley sing always on my mind ?
when did martin luther king jr day became a holiday ?
who is the father of lucius in gladiator ?
what is the largest country in europe by area ?
of which country is sofia the capital city ?
which is the india's first news paper ?
when was a standing army created in the united states ?
when did the last civil war veteran widow die ?
which government had more power under the articles of confederation ?
who is the actor that plays jt on the young and the restless ?
who did the mavericks beat in the finals ?
who played anne frank in the diary of anne frank ?
who sang the home and away theme song ?
order of succession to the throne of england ?
host of the late show who was once a correspondent for the daily show ?
where is fort myers located at in florida ?
who plays jack in battle of the sexes ?
was star wars a book or a movie first ?
when was the last time a team from canada won the stanley cup ?
where was the tv show friday night lights filmed ?
has a player on the losing team ever won superbowl mvp ?
what is the second largest country in asia ?
where do the st louis cardinals have spring training ?
what was the alliance between great britian russia and france known as ?
who won the oscar for best actor in 1975 ?
how many episodes of on my block are there ?
which modern language family was displaced by the migration of bantu speakers ?
when did knotts berry farm became an amusement park ?
who was the first territorial governor of oklahoma ?
who did the voiceover in michael jackson's thriller ?
which was daniel craig's second james bond film ?
when did reba mcentire record back to god ?
who won the super bowl patriots or falcons ?
what is the term of an official in the house of representatives ?
who started the state of the union address ?
what is the opening part of the declaration of independence called ?
who starred in the movie against all odds ?
who plays the butler in scary movie 2 ?
what movie is the song get your freak on in ?
who played dr. smith in the original lost in space series ?
who created the pieta and also painted the ceiling of the sistine chapel ?
name a famous movie with number in the title ?
where was the tv show high chaparral filmed ?
what type of music does bon jovi play ?
who began the age of exploration in portugal ?
who is the current receiver general of canada ?
postal code of bagong silang caloocan city philippines ?
when did the battle of badr take place ?
which abbott and costello movie has who on first ?
islamic term for the community of the faithful ?
who won the mlb world series in 2007 ?
where is the country music hall of fame located ?
who has the world's largest standing army ?
who does lucy hale play on pretty little liars ?
who was elected senator of illinois in 1858 ?
what is the number of cities in texas ?
who was the 19th c. artist who was both painter and graphic designer ?
who plays the voice of the hormone monster ?
who can removed by the president without parliament resolution ?
when did the first movie of harry potter come out ?
who plays jack shephard's son in lost ?
what is the holy book of lslam called ?
who is the existing prime minister of pakistan ?
where is the university of ohio state located ?
theme of the song roar by katy perry ?
where does the amazon river start and finish ?
who won last year's baseball world series ?
when did the cubs won a world series ?
who played smith jared in sex and the city ?
what does the name nikita mean in russian ?
is the soviet union north or south of the equator ?
what is the rank of pakistan in population ?
who is the founder of what's up ?
what is the largest island in the caribbean ?
who played andy on the cult of chucky ?
how many american soldiers died in the world war 1 ?
where was the summer olympics held in 2012 ?
who is luke air force base named after ?
who did the steelers lose to in the playoffs last year ?
who is known as the philippine queen of bossa nova ?
who plays elsie in peter kay's car share ?
what college did monica go to in love and basketball ?
who played ben stone son on law and order ?
who played ashley on the young and the restless ?
what kind of currency do they use in france ?
who elects the prime minister in the uk ?
where was the movie conan the barbarian filmed ?
who played george in back to the future ?
who was charlie writing to in perks of being a wallflower movie ?
what do you call a person who lives in washington ?
what is the state motto for north carolina ?
where did the hurricane maria hit puerto rico ?
when did the philadelphia eagles start playing football ?
what is a famous mode of transport in venice ?
who was the president of confederate states of america ?
who wrote music for the shape of water ?
how many seasons of andy griffith show are there ?
when did the civil war start in south sudan ?
where is dakar located on the world map ?
who leads the nba in 4 point plays ?
where was the movie catch and release filmed ?
who does chris griffin's voice on family guy ?
where are the first nations located in canada ?
where does puerto rico's power come from ?
leonardo is know for his techniques of shading called ?
who plays hulk in the thor and avengers series of movies ?
who wrote the poem for whom the bell tolls ?
three largest cities in the world by population ?
where can the mona lisa be found today ?
what is the muslim month of fasting called ?
who was the starting quarterback for the jacksonville jaguars ?
what is the girl ducks name in ducktales ?
who played pugsley in the original addams family ?
who is the secretary of the commonwealth of massachusetts ?
who plays the dwarf king in the hobbit ?
who tells the jets that chino is looking for tony ?
when did jackie robinson became rookie of the year ?
when did the crucifix become the symbol of christianity ?
who was mel gibson character in the patriot based on ?
what type of government system does nigeria have ?
what type of bird is on mexico's flag ?
when did the united states get involved in world war ii ?
who is the president of the republic of zambia ?
who was the fifth prime minister of canada ?
what is the biggest determinant of climate in venezuela ?
where was the capital of the habsburg empire located ?
who did scarlett o'hara marry in gone with the wind ?
who starred in the remake of true grit ?
in gone with the wind who does scarlett o'hara first marry ?
who did oklahoma play in the bowl game last year ?
when did the wall go up in east germany ?
what river is associated with the city of rome ?
what is the host nation of the 2004 summer olympic games ?
where is cinque terre italy on a map ?
where did the 2010 world cup take place ?
who won the presidential election in france recently ?
who is the longest-living president of the united states ?
which philosopher advocated the idea of return to nature ?
name of hurricane that hit haiti in 2010 ?
when was the last time the los angeles lakers won a championship ?
who did the voice of john smith in pocahontas ?
who was the author of the kartilya of the katipunan ?
who designed the garden city of new earswick ?
where is the university of wisconsin madison located ?
where is dia de los muertos celebrated in mexico ?
when does amy tell her parents she is pregnant ?
who was crucified on an x shaped cross ?
teams that beat the patriots in super bowls ?
who played young monica in love and basketball ?
in the texas legislature the house has members and the senate has ?
where are you from if you speak dutch ?
who was the last nba player to get drafted out of high school ?
where did tea come from in the british empire ?
which line of latitude is the border between nebraska and kansas ?
who played dwight's brother on the office ?
what is the capital of the nation that is completely surrounded by south africa ?
who is the actor who plays king joffrey ?
who starred in the movie natural born killers ?
when did the celtics win their last championship ?
where does the united states buy oil from ?
what is the population of the bay area in california ?
who plays john in american horror story hotel ?
what is the theme song for the tv show s.w.a.t ?
what time period is rock of ages set in ?
where did the german shepherd dog come from ?
what is the name given to the common currency to the european union ?
where does the olympics take place this year ?
prior to 1948 north and south vietnam were a part of ?
what is the modern day name for the city of constantinople ?
where did the movie amityville horror take place ?
when was the first year round school established ?
who represents colorado in the house of representatives ?
when do we vote for governor in michigan ?
when was the last time iran had an earthquake ?
the barkan waterfall is over which river in karnataka ?
who plays bilbo baggins in fellowship of the ring ?
what is the origin of the name marvin ?
who is the city of houston named after ?
what is the theme song on the fosters ?
what film did barbra streisand win for best director ?
how many books are in the diary of a whimpy kid series ?
who plays riggs on lethal weapon the tv show ?
who was the us at war with during the american revolution ?
who do the dbacks play in the wild card game ?
who won the most medals in the 1924 winter olympics ?
when did muhammad ali win an olympic gold medal ?
who is the actor who plays jeepers creepers ?
who played the father in nanny mcphee 2 ?
who plays isabelle in jack the giant slayer ?
what are the characters names in scooby doo ?
what political system originated in the ancient greek city of athens ?
what is the meaning of the name kamala ?
when did the movie princess bride come out ?
who becomes president if the president is impeached and removed from office ?
where does the river mekong start and end ?
where was the world economic forum held this year ?
who is emma dating in once upon a time ?
who won an emmy grammy oscar and tony ?
what channel is fox in new york city ?
what team was case keenum on before the vikings ?
who founded an airline in 1932 that became air indian in 1946 ?
when was the movie cool hand luke made ?
what is a buckeye the mascot for ohio state university ?
how many episodes in season 5 of the hundred ?
who plays lindsay in arrested development season 4 ?
who plays david underhill on big bang theory ?
who does cody zeller play for in the nba ?
internet based test of english as a foreign language test ?
who won the oscar for the best film ?
who was the 11th prime minister of canada ?
who introduced the idea of quit india movement ?
who sang the song cupid draw back your bow ?
where was the constitutional convention held in 1787 ?
who played glenn miller in the glenn miller story ?
when was tricolour adopted as indian national flag ?
who dies at the end of dear john ?
where is the reading and leeds festival held ?
when did the battle of new orleans end ?
where did the last name taylor originate from ?
who were the central powers in world war one ?
what episode does grey's anatomy have a shooting ?
who plays harley quinn in the lego batman movie ?
who starred in the movie in the heat of the night ?
what is australia's location in the world and region ?
who is the supreme justice of the supreme court ?
how many super bowl championships do the new york giants have ?
who did the music for lord of the rings ?
who did the vikings play in their first playoff game ?
what breed of dog in turner and hooch ?
who was the chairman of the federal reserve system in 2011 ?
what type of sign language is used in ireland ?
what part of the country is oklahoma considered ?
when did european cup become uefa champions league ?
who was the chicago bears quarterback last year ?
where did the ancestors of the domestic goat originate ?
where are the washington redskins based out of ?
the country of shares a border with california ?
what is the name of camila cabello's album ?
bosnia and herzegovina croatia macedonia and slovenia all used to be parts of ?
who was the author of the book entitled the social contract ?
who sings the wreck of the edmund fitzgerald ?
who plays david on the haves and the have nots ?
who did the original voice for mickey mouse ?
who plays the voice of john smith in pocahontas ?
who plays jacob black's father in twilight ?
charmed when do they find out who chris is ?
what are the grasslands south of egypt called ?
where is beijing located on the world map ?
presidents of the fifth republic of the philippines ?
what is the first state of the us ?
when did it become a tradition to stand for the national anthem ?
when did the movie the sixth sense come out ?
who played the eldest daughter in mrs. doubtfire ?
which term is used to identify having official power to act ?
where was the movie stir of echoes filmed ?
when did the civil war in sudan start ?
what type of writing did ancient egypt use ?
what are the different houses of harry potter ?
who's the actor that plays lord voldemort ?
who was the first imperial power that was fighting in vietnam ?
who is the captain of richmond football club ?
what area of boston is faneuil hall in ?
when did deion sanders play for the redskins ?
who plays cesar in the show on my block ?
who played harley in harley davidson and the marlboro man ?
what is the population of woodstock new brunswick ?
when did the first divergent movie come out ?
when did the united states sent troops to vietnam ?
who played the role of anant velankar in the movie ardh satya ?
who played thor in the movie the avengers ?
what breed of dog is bosco in marmaduke ?
who played ricky in secret life of the american teenager ?
who wrote music for beauty and the beast ?
who played the original wonder woman on tv ?
who plays alexander hamilton in the original broadway cast ?
who plays the skin changer in the hobbit ?
who got the most passing yards in the nfl ?
when does diary of a wimpy kid long haul the movie come out ?
who played mayella in to kill a mockingbird ?
who played in the stanley cup finals last year ?
when did the continental congress vote to adopt the declaration of independence ?
where was the mormon religion founded and by whom ?
a country having an island location and a country having continental location ?
where was the first casey's store built ?
where does the american english language come from ?
who won the battle of the charge of the light brigade ?
who was the future american president who made a national name ?
how long has tom brady been playing professional football ?
who became the first governor general of pakistan ?
where was the movie the miracle season filmed ?
where is the 7th game of the world series played ?
what is the emblematic rhythm of dominican republic ?
kashmir was a part of which mughal province ?
who does the voice over for optimus prime ?
who did the astros play last time they were in the world series ?
who was the inventor who developed a way to record sound ?
who provides the voice of the title character in the boss baby ?
who became a leader of the indian national congress ?
who was the king of england during pride and prejudice ?
turkish finnish and hungarian belong to which family of languages ?
what are the established years of spanish occupancy of the philippines ?
who played spock's mother in star trek 2009 ?
who played stonewall jackson in gods and generals ?
which state was returned to spain after the revolutionary war ?
when did bobby joe win the grand national ?
what is the amontillado in the cask of amontillado ?
how many stores does wal mart have in the us ?
what is the language of the czech republic ?
what was the bloodiest war of the civil war ?
who plays molly's mother on mike and molly ?
who was the last team to win the world series back to back ?
where does the university of kentucky play basketball ?
where is most of the sun's energy produced ?
who won the mvp in football this year ?
who plays zoey in i love you man ?
who went to the moon with neil and buzz ?
where does the appalachian trail end in georgia ?
what cities are in san joaquin county california ?
who played kit in a league of their own ?
where was the movie day of the outlaw filmed ?
when was the original wrinkle in time movie made ?
who is vincent's father in godfather 3 ?
who played tom on as the world turns ?
what is the population of morgan hill ca ?
who does tony end up with on skins ?
who was the general that fled to england to setup a government in exile ?
who is the main actor in deadpool 2 ?
where did the river thames start and end ?
who did germany invade on may 10 1940 ?
where is the rugby league world cup held ?
when was the last time the seattle seahawks won the superbowl ?
who was the king of england in 1936 ?
who plays the queen in victoria and abdul ?
who sings the song you're so beautiful ?
who's buried in the great pyramid of giza ?
china in chinese is called zhongguo which means ?
how many counties does the state of georgia have ?
who plays the daughters in frankie and grace ?
what's the gross national product of puerto rico ?
who was the first hero of the philippines ?
when was the first battle of plassey fought ?
where did the battle of stone's river take place ?
what was the population of nagasaki in 1945 ?
who wrote the principles of literary criticism and practical criticism ?
what are the top five wine producing states ?
who wrote you belong with me by taylor swift ?
what is the last name of the current english royal family ?
where does jack ryan live in patriot games ?
who won the gold medal in the women's figure skating ?
who was the first president to be shot in office ?
who invented the first plane in the world ?
what did ben do before pickler and ben ?
what type of government is in north america ?
where was the film manchester by the sea filmed ?
when was the last time someone won the super bowl back to back ?
who has the best nba record this season ?
what disease did the girl in miracles from heaven have ?
who was the scarecrow in wizard of oz ?
who played joe in the facts of life ?
who is the president of the united states 2016 ?
the cinematography of subhash ghai pardes was done by ?
who is the actress who plays donna on suits ?
what kind of government system does the united states have ?
when was the great pyramid at giza built ?
where does phrase when in rome come from ?
who is the founder of google and when was it founded ?
when did michael jordan retired from the chicago bulls ?
who was the last washington team to win a championship ?
where was the movie outlaw josey wales filmed at ?
what is the meaning of the name gomez ?
where is the band i am they from ?
which country in africa drinks the most alcohol ?
who is the song diamonds and rust about ?
when was the last time france won a war ?
who played julia roberts roommate in pretty woman ?
what country shares borders with both belarus and romania ?
who is the present governor of puerto rico ?
when did japan become one of the leading manufacturers of automobiles in the world ?
who was the last vice president to become president ?
what culture region is germany a part of ?
what was the term given to the period when african american culture became popular ?
who wrote trust and believe by keyshia cole ?
who has the oldest team in the nba ?
who won the election for mayor in boston ?
what's wonder woman's name in the movie ?
three types of local government in the philippines ?
what was the first form of government of the u.s. after the revolutionary war ?
who plays taylor forrester on bold and the beautiful ?
who does the voice of stewie family guy ?
what is the democracy of the united states ?
who is the general manager of the san diego padres ?
where does gossip girl take place in new york ?
who was tammy from basketball wives married to ?
when did the new york giants won the superbowl ?
who played jennifer in back to the future ?
where was the italian episode of everybody loves raymond filmed ?
when was the last time a canadian team win the stanley cup ?
pakistan is the part of which region in asia ?
which type of government is present in america ?
who is the vice president of the u.s ?
who commanded the forces that destroyed the spanish fleet in manila bay ?
who wrote the treasure of the sierra madre ?
who is the longest running female snl cast member ?
which city is called the manchester of north india ?
where is the tea cup ride at disney world ?
mount everest is part of what mountain range ?
how many us states are commonwealths and which states are they ?
where does the river irk start and finish ?
who plays roo stewart mum in home and away ?
who wrote the book my country my life ?
when did the christmas story movie come out ?
how much money is the founder of facebook worth ?
what nba team did joel berry go to ?
where is the hotel used in the movie the shining ?
the fauves were a group of french artists associated with which art movement ?
when will the new mary poppins movie be released ?
the german princes who chose the holy roman empire were called ?
who are the democrats running for governor of tennessee ?
when did sacramento became the capital of california ?
who was the governor of massachusetts in 2013 ?
who is credited with the invention of the internet ?
who was president when the iron curtain fell ?
who played nathan scott on one tree hill ?
who is the guy that does spongebob's voice ?
ranjit sagar dam has builded over which river ?
what was vietnam called in the years before world war 2 ?
what are the countries of the united arab emirates ?
who was the first person ever drafted in the nfl ?
third president of the united states of america ?
who plays danny castellano on the mindy project ?
who does robert pattinson play in the harry potter movies ?
how many senators are there in the us senate ?
how many pitchers does a major league team have ?
what do you call a person from barbados ?
who plays bill avery on when calls the heart ?
when did conflict start in israel and palestine ?
who played harley quinn in suicide squad 2016 ?
name a singer who is also an actor ?
who was the temple of vesta built for ?
who quarterbacked the minnesota vikings the year they won 15 games ?
who played mississippi in the movie el dorado ?
what is the meaning of gorakh dhanda in urdu ?
what pittsburgh steelers great was the first wide receiver to be named super bowl mvp ?
when did world book day start in the uk ?
who won the ohio state michigan game in 2011 ?
when does the movie a time to kill take place ?
how many costco's are there in the united states ?
who is the general manager of the yankees ?
when does canada switch to daylight savings time ?
who sings the theme song of doc mcstuffins ?
what is the meaning of loy krathong festival ?
when's the last time redskins won a superbowl ?
who plays mary in lord of the rings ?
who is the secretary of state of united states ?
what's the biggest country in western europe ?
what is the title of the person who runs the house of representatives ?
names of the darling family in peter pan ?
capital of the correze dept in sw france ?
who was one of the first artist to use the netherlandish style of painting ?
what's the biggest nfl stadium in the united states ?
when was the first time the yankees won the world series ?
who appoint the governor of a state in india ?
who plays stuart in the big bang theory ?
where do the florida marlins have spring training ?
who played santa in the santa clause movies ?
who is taking over the throne in england ?
who was the spanish civil war fought between ?
how many canadian provinces border the united states ?
where was the movie forgetting sarah marshal filmed ?
what is another name for the society of jesus ?
who wrote the movie father of the year ?
in which india state did the game of polo originate ?
what is the area code for phoenix arizona ?
what is the area code for louisville kentucky ?
who played the nun in american horror story ?
what is the oldest book in the new testament ?
who sings the song more than a feeling ?
who played the voice of kitt in knight rider ?
tv show you may be right theme song ?
who plays john abbott on young and the restless ?
what are the two types of law in australia ?
what tribe was david from in the bible ?
who represented the state of tennessee in the scopes trial ?
who was the first govener of new jersey ?
who was the president of the united states back in 1985 ?
who was the first person chosen as president who resigned after the student revolution ?
who plays steffy's mom on bold and the beautiful ?
when was the last time the pittsburgh steelers went to the super bowl ?
what team does the guy from shark tank own ?
who occupied the white house during the war of 1812 ?
who was the president of the united states for only one day ?
when did the philadelphia eagles play in the super bowl last ?
what body of water does the missouri river empty into ?
what is the most famous fountain in rome ?
which country is bali an island and province of ?
who did taylor swift play in the lorax ?
who has won the 2017 ecuador presidential election ?
when's the last time the mets won the world series ?
who did simba's voice in the lion king ?
when was the original stephen king it movie made ?
what type of bridge is the chengyang bridge ?
when did the botswana currency first come into circulation ?
who was the book of colossians written to ?
what breed of dog is turner and hooch ?
where did saudi crown prince go to college ?
who ruled north vietnam during the vietnam war ?
ajay devgan preity zinta and madhuri dixit movie ?
when is the election for governor in illinois ?
when did the carolina panthers become a franchise ?
what language do they speak in the isle of man ?
what is the meaning of asad in arabic ?
who played eric olsen on north of 60 ?
when did they start filming the death cure ?
who was the president who sent troops to vietnam ?
what album is the dance by garth brooks on ?
what is the main food of tamil nadu ?
what languages did martin luther translated the bible into ?
when was the last time nebraska voted democrat ?
where does most of canada's electricity come from ?
what are the two parts of the texas legislature ?
what does echame le culpa mean in english ?
how many floors is the tallest building in new york ?
who plays miss frost in die another day ?
what was the inaugural year of the ncaa tournament ?
when did france and belgium invade the ruhr ?
who won nba finals mvp on a losing team ?
who plays the first nfl game of the season ?
where are the san juan mountains in new mexico ?
who died first on what happened to monday ?
what do mobile numbers start with in the uk ?
where does the dutch reformed church come from ?
what is the type of government in guam ?
when did kobe start playing in the nba ?
the analects have been attributed to the founder of this religion ?
which state of india has its own flag ?
where did the battle of britain take place ?
what year is considered the beginning of islam ?
who won an oscar for schindler's list ?
who is the first president of our country ?
who did representatives from the seceded states choose to be president of the confederacy ?
what year did the golden state warriors win their first nba championship ?
where is ellis island located in new york ?
when was the last time new england had a hurricane ?
who does dwyane wade play for right now ?
who is the original artist of you are my sunshine ?
what is the form of mozart symphony no 40 ?
who is the head of parliament in uk ?
who plays carl's mom in the walking dead ?
who plays paul reiser's wife on red oaks ?
who wrote the book the origin of species ?
who's the best selling recording artist of all time ?
when was the last time dallas cowboys won the super bowl ?
when did the first avengers movie come out ?
who played pink in pink floyd the wall ?
who owned the colts when they left baltimore ?
what is the passport issuing authority in sri lanka ?
who played taylor on the bold and beautiful ?
who does don draper marry the second time ?
who was elected president of the united states in 1948 ?
when did the movie endless love come out ?
who ruled india in place of the british monarch ?
when did michigan become a state in the usa ?
where did the first persian gulf war take place ?
what language is the olympic anthem sang in ?
who played ted mosby in how i met your mother ?
who is the actor that plays lip on shameless ?
what type of volcano is mt. pinatubo ?
when were the french wars of religion carried out ?
who are the current members of the us supreme court ?
republican candidates for attorney general state of florida ?
who is the voice of stewie on family guy ?
who is recognized as the founder of islam ?
what are the colors of the argentina flag ?
who represents the monarch of britain in canada ?
what is the most popular music in cuba ?
how many senators are there in united states ?
what are the football teams in los angeles ?
where was the witch of blackbird pond published ?
who does elle woods fall in love with ?
when did the song do you remember come out ?
what language was the new testament bible originally written in ?
what language do they speak in st croix ?
when did new york jets win a superbowl ?
who played walt in the movie forever my girl ?
what kind of national legislature did the constitution created ?
what is the definition of the name thomas ?
which teams did michael jordan play for in the nba ?
who is the oldest basketball player currently playing ?
who is the coach of university of kentucky basketball ?
who does the voice of nelson on simpsons ?
where are the ncaa football playoffs being played ?
the initial unification of upper and lower egypt took place during which period ?
who won mvp of the nba all star game ?
who is the present rajya sabha speaker of india ?
who won best new artist of the year ?
who is the book of galatians written to ?
panda is a national animal of which country ?
what was the religion in the virginia colony ?
who sings with michael buble in white christmas ?
what are the names of the bobbsey twins ?
what was the first cartoon show on tv ?
who won the academy award for baby jane ?
what is the highest mountain in the appalachian range ?
who is the writer of a walk to remember ?
who is the owner of the miami dolphins ?
hampi tourist place is located in which state ?
federal leader of the conservative party of canada ?
where are the queen's crown jewels kept ?
sending money home to the native country is an example of ?
what part of dc is howard university in ?
when did ncaa tourney expand to 64 teams ?
what is the most recent book of the bible ?
when did el salvador start using the dollar ?
the departed is a remake of what film ?
who is awarded the best actress in the 65th national awards ?
where was the movie a walk among the tombstones filmed ?
where does the paraguay river start and end ?
who got the oscar for best actress 2018 ?
the region that stretches between the black and caspian seas ?
when did the giants win their last super bowl ?
wal-mart is a prime example of which type organization ?
who played tina the giant in deuce bigalow ?
who plays peter barlow's son in coronation street ?
when was the mission san antonio de valero built ?
what two japanese cities were bombed in ww2 ?
when did tesla start making self driving cars ?
who did the cavs trade for kyle korver ?
what was the city of beijing previously known as ?
who plays michael in just go with it ?
where did the last name edwards come from ?
what gun does deadshot use in the movie ?
when does south by southwest start in austin texas ?
who wrote the phantom of the opera music ?
where does the last name ascencio come from ?
who played loretta in pride of the marines ?
who did dwight howard play for last year ?
who was the ancient egyptian god of the dead ?
how i met your mother what did the mother die of ?
what part of utah is salt lake city ?
what mlb teams did deion sanders play for ?
which part of asia is saudi arabia located ?
the enzyme in whose presence glucose and fructose are converted into alcohol ?
what character does seth green play on family guy ?
when did rome begin following a monotheistic religion ?
who played mark healy on the roseanne show ?
who oversees proceedings in the house of commons ?
who was the actress who played princess leia ?
what was the boy's name in night by elie wiesel ?
where in los angeles do the chargers play ?
who founded amazon where is the headquarters of amazon ?
what is the population of the tri-cities washington ?
who was the first person to play dumbledore ?
which city is canada's largest metropolitan area ?
when was dickens considered a success as a writer ?
when did monsters inc come out on dvd ?
who is the master of trinity college cambridge ?
who played marty mcfly's father in back to the future ?
who won best director at the academy awards ?
where does the mississippi river begin in which state ?
who's job is it to approve presidential appointments ?
who is the present president minister of india ?
when did sign of the times come out ?
who is the head of state of north korea ?
acral gangrene is a complication of which disease ?
who plays nick carraway in the great gatsby ?
who was the first executive president of guyana ?
who does zac effron play in the lorax ?
where was the film where eagles dare filmed ?
american actor writer and director who won an egot ?
when does spiderman homcoming come out on dvd ?
which book records three possible authors of the tao te ching with similar names ?
who played the lion in the wiz with michael jackson ?
when is the feast of our lady of the rosary celebrated ?
who plays billy in anne with an e ?
location of the nile river on a map ?
in which state did mopla rebellion take place ?
who is the actor that plays cisco on the flash ?
in what city did the 1988 olympics take place ?
how many points are scored for a touchdown in american football ?
what super bowl did the eagles play in ?
who sang the theme song to that 70s show ?
where is willy wonka and the chocolate factory based ?
what is the largest country in europe by square miles ?
who led an attack that allowed for american victory at yorktown ?
what type of government is the us system ?
where was the movie some came running filmed ?
who are the current members of the supreme court of the united states ?
where do they live in the sound of music ?
when did arab invade on india first time ?
who is currently holding power in state government in south australia ?
actress who plays penelope garcia on criminal minds ?
who is the speaker of the house chosen by ?
what position does tim tebow play in baseball ?
who does scooby doo's voice in the movie ?
who was assassinated during a visit to sarajevo in bosnia ?
what type of government do we have in the united states today ?
who's playing in the world series and when is it ?
who propounded the idea of basic education in india ?
who won the academy award for the deer hunter ?
when will miraculous season 2 episode 11 be released ?
where did the name root beer come from ?
who played forrest gumps mother in the 1994 film ?
what is the name of india pakistan border ?
how many world series wins does the dodgers have ?
when did the second it movie come out ?
how many islands are there in the polynesian triangle ?
who is the current president of benin republic ?
who wrote the guitar solo in beat it ?
what episode does caroline come into the originals ?
where was the first sonic drive in located ?
who played in the movie the man who fell to earth ?
where was a hologram for the king filmed ?
religious universities in the islamic world are called ?
when did scully fall in love with mulder ?
the satsuma is named after a province in which country ?
in the bible who was david's father ?
prime ministers of canada who died in office ?
which european country has the largest colonial empire ?
who was the guy who died in glee ?
which of these sub-saharan african nations possesses the lowest concentration of population ?
which man took the presidential oath of office in 1881 following the death of the president ?
when did stephen curry won the mvp award ?
where did the cosbys live in new york ?
time of the state of the nation address ?
where is the judicial branch of the eu located ?
where does the water from the california aqueduct come from ?
which countries lost the most soldiers in ww2 ?
when did the currencies of mozambique first come in circulation ?
who played st louis in the players club ?
a political leader during the roman empire was called ?
who played spider man in spider man 3 ?
where does the last name roberts come from ?
where was uncle tom's cabin first published ?
how many members are in the nc senate ?
whose next in line to be king of england ?
which country was soviet union enemy during the cold war ?
what actor died that played in harry potter ?
which indian language has official status in singapore ?
who played forrest gump's son in the movie ?
what is the largest bill in american money ?
who's the actor that plays the night king ?
who won the 1959 college football national championship ?
who played the baby in meet the fockers ?
where is the headquarter of microsoft office located ?
who plays chris grandy in 13 going on 30 ?
what do you call someone who lives in utah ?
who won the oscar for best picture in 1976 ?
who played bruce willis's son in a good day to die hard ?
kr is the currency symbol of which country ?
what is the population of las cruces new mexico ?
who sang the song one of these nights ?
what was the first capital city of australia ?
who holds the nfl record for most interceptions in a season ?
where do you find the edition of a book ?
who played belle's father in beauty and the beast ?
what type of government system does iran have ?
who won entertainer of the year at the cma awards ?
who's winning the election in virginia for governor ?
what are three different types of hotel properties ?
who played roger coleridge on ryan's hope ?
when did harvard become an ivy league school ?
who claimed land in south america for portugal ?
who does cleveland's voice on the cleveland show ?
where did the last name smith originate from ?
who is the chief secretary of united nation ?
who is the father of genetics and what did he study ?
the chihuahua is a breed of dog believed to originate from what country ?
who played cordelia in santa claus the movie ?
what's the name of the white sox park ?
who has the most military bases in the world ?
when was the last time the rockets went to the finals ?
what is a beer keg made out of ?
who does jane bennet marry in the end ?
director whose films include an adaption of charlie and the chocolate factory ?
what is another name for the midwest region ?
who is big brother and the holding company ?
where is the blue mountains located in australia ?
who played evita in the movie of the same name ?
when was the last time the carolina hurricanes made the playoffs ?
who is the current prime minister of iraq ?
where does the movie mothers day take place ?
movie with will smith and tommy lee jones ?
who plays adam sandler's caddy in happy gilmore ?
who did teddy altman marry on grey's anatomy ?
which colony was founded as a colony of religious freedom in reaction to the puritans ?
who is chief justice of the supreme court ?
which indian actor has won most national awards ?
who does kristen schaal voice in adventure time ?
who won artist of the year at mama 2017 ?
what channel is season 6 of nashville on ?
which american inventor invented the commercial telegraph based on joseph henry work ?
when did the eagles win the super bowl ?
where does the murray river enter the ocean ?
who wrote the declaration of man and citizen ?
when did beethoven compose his six easy variations on a swiss tune in f major for piano ?
when was the last time the celtics won a championship ?
who won the nba playoffs last 4 years ?
what county is raleigh north carolina located in ?
who was the actor who played grizzly adams ?
what part of maryland is close to washington dc ?
who acted as harley quinn in suicide squad ?
when was the last time yankees and dodgers played in the world series ?
when did the baltimore ravens win the super bowl ?
what is another name for the caribbean islands ?
who is the president of india current time ?
who plays the guy in call me maybe ?
how many countries are a part of opec ?
where do most of australia's tourists come from ?
who is the president of kenya by now ?
demi lovato tell me you love me key ?
who played bonnie and clyde in the movie ?
philadelphia is known as the city of what ?
which is the first most spoken language in the world ?
who does ameer abdullah play for in the nfl ?
who appointed the current members of the supreme court ?
when did the broncos win the super bowl ?
who was the president of the united states in 1936 ?
who does serena van der woodsen marry in gossip girl ?
who did the chiefs play in the playoffs ?
who played buffy the vampire slayer in the movie ?
where does what in the sam hill come from ?
who is the lead singer for the rolling stones ?
who proposed the virginia plan at the constitutional convention ?
most wins in a season mlb red sox ?
the sovereign status of native american tribes is known as ?
when did brent barry won the dunk contest ?
where was the rise of the planet of the apes filmed ?
who did the voice of optimus prime in the cartoon ?
when did krakow become the capital of poland ?
where is panama canal located on the map ?
what is the main religion in british columbia ?
where is wake forest located in north carolina ?
who has the least interceptions in nfl history ?
where do the san francisco giants have spring training ?
who plays stacey's mum in gavin and stacey ?
what was the capital of russia before moscow ?
how many episodes are in good witch season 4 ?
who are the las vegas 51s affiliated with ?
where do orcs and uruk hai come from ?
who played the father in sound of music ?
who are the artists in the traveling wilburys ?
who was jillian harris engaged to on the bachelorette ?
who wrote the song end of the line ?
who was the first woman to be elected to the senate ?
where does the thames river begin and end ?
what city does janet king take place in ?
who starred in the movie summer of 42 ?
who plays the voice of johnny in sing ?
how many countries on arrival visa for thailand passport ?
the ufa city where annual brics summit-2015 is scheduled to be held is in which country ?
when did the capitals last won the stanley cup ?
what is the purpose of a tax treaty ?
who's the starting quarterback for the la rams ?
who won the battle of new orleans 1862 ?
which president of the united states was a boy scout ?
how many members were there in the bee gees ?
who plays danny heffernan on king of queens ?
where does the last name andersen originate from ?
who played helen lawson in valley of the dolls ?
when does the men's college basketball tournament start ?
who was the president of nigeria in 1971 ?
who has been awarded the victoria cross twice ?
who guards former president of the united states ?
where does british airways fly to in india ?
who plays jay's ex wife on modern family ?
how many u.s. troops were stationed in vietnam by the end of 1965 ?
who played sarah hedley in when the boat comes in ?
what is the constitutional capital city of bolivia called ?
who played grace in the american girl movie ?
who played carmine ragusa on laverne & shirley ?
what came first the roman empire or republic ?
what type of legal system is used in the uk ?
who plays donatella versace in the fx series ?
who makes up the members of the academy awards ?
where is the head office of rbi located ?
who sings the wizards of waverly place theme song ?
where is most of russia's territory located ?
who played the boyfriend in where the heart is ?
where do st louis cardinals have spring training ?
who sang the theme song on the jeffersons ?
when does the story the cask of amontillado take place ?
who played rick forrester on bold and beautiful ?
when did michigan state basketball win a national championship ?
who played the black panther in the movie ?
who does luke skywalker fall in love with ?
who was the first prime minister of isreal ?
when was the last year the raiders won the superbowl ?
what are the most populated countries in asia ?
what movie was the song never say never in ?
who played alan michael spaulding on guiding light ?
who plays on the tv show the resident ?
what terminal is southwest at fort lauderdale international airport ?
who plays nick brody on brothers and sisters ?
who's playing han solo in the han solo movie ?
where does the coral sea meet the pacific ocean ?
when did the buccaneers win the super bowl ?
when was the modern state of israel established ?
what areas of africa were involved in colonization ?
who played john connor in the original terminator ?
what type of planet is neptune known as ?
who did the singing voice for young simba ?
when did arsenal last win the fa cup ?
what was the name of darth vader star destroyer ?
who played liesel in the sound of music ?
when did google make the self driving car ?
who is the actress that portrays wonder woman ?
who did university of miami play last week ?
who appoints the members of the board of governors of the federal reserve ?
where does the eurostar train arrives in london ?
when does gods not dead a light in the darkness come out ?
who has the most tackles in nfl history ?
when did time zones start in the us ?
when did colorado a m become colorado state ?
who plays claire in days of our lives ?
how many volumes of death note are there ?
what kind of dog is the tennessee volunteers mascot ?
where does the university of alabama play football ?
what is the type of economy in india ?
where did the battle of poitiers take place ?
where did it's a bird it's a plane come from ?
who does neil patrick harris play in batman under the red hood ?
who is the first ranking member of the cabinet ?
who played bub in day of the dead ?
what song did the beatles wrote for the rolling stones ?
who is the actor that plays saul on grace and frankie ?
who played joaquin in the legend of zorro ?
who won the most stanley cups in history ?
who are the candidates running for president in mexico ?
how many letters are in the hungarian alphabet ?
where is the tv series once upon a time filmed ?
who played kelly taylor's mom on 90210 ?
who is the getting married in veere di wedding ?
when did the first samurai exist in japan ?
what breed of cat has spots and stripes ?
moscow is the capital city of which country ?
when was the art institute of chicago founded ?
when was stephen king it made into a movie ?
where did the term liberal arts come from ?
who wrote when a man loves a woman ?
where will the american league wildcard game be played ?
what part of iceland is in the arctic circle ?
what percentage is the black population in the united states ?
when did typhoon yolanda landfall in the philippines ?
in which country were the two battles of el alamein fought ?
shujat bukhari was the editor in chief of which newspaper ?
who wrote the song always be humble and kind ?
which film won the oscar for best animated feature in 2007 ?
what percentage of us trade is with china ?
where did the movie the wizard of oz premiere ?
towns on the border of texas and oklahoma ?
who took the israelites to the promised land ?
when did boston become the capital of massachusetts ?
who said that religion is the opiate of the masses ?
who was the original host of the 1960's jeopardy tv game show ?
when did the czech republic split from slovakia ?
when did hungary open its borders with austria ?
how many local government area are there in abuja ?
who plays the voice of the dad in moana ?
what was the death toll in the civil war ?
which is the capital city of andhra pradesh ?
who plays michael myers in the original halloween ?
who was the last us president to be assassinated ?
who added a press room to the white house ?
who did the 49ers beat in the super bowls ?
when did the last civil war person died ?
when was michael jackson's first album released ?
when did cleveland host the all star game ?
where does the saskatchewan river start and end ?
what are the first and second major religions in france ?
when was the last time the rockets went to the playoffs ?
who is the manager of the washington nationals baseball team ?
who played london on suite life on deck ?
where are the winter olympic games being held this year ?
who sang for tony in west side story movie ?
where are the organ mountains in new mexico ?
the title fuehrer was applied to which famous dictator ?
what plate is the sierra nevada mountains on ?
when was the last time the olympics were in japan ?
who played shawn hunter in boy meets world ?
where did the alabama crimson tide come from ?
who won the illinois senate seat in 1858 ?
when did ga state get a football team ?
in which city are the wimbledon game held ?
who did the voice of the bubble boy on seinfeld ?
who is won the nba finals the last 5 years ?
who was the president of chile before the military coup was staged ?
how many grammy nominations does nicki minaj have ?
what genre is the book the adventures of huckleberry finn ?
who won miss universe trinidad and tobago 2012 ?
who is talking in how i met your mother ?
who is kim on housewives of atlanta married to ?
who wore the darth vader costume in star wars ?
who wrote the music to somewhere in time ?
when did world war one begin and end ?
who is the governor of minnesota right now ?
what is the money used in hong kong ?
when was the first recorded hurricane report made ?
who was the 39th president of the united states of america ?
who plays zoey in bold and the beautiful ?
which country is currently sponsoring the president of the un general assembly ?
who has played ashley on the young and the restless ?
when did the palestinian and israeli conflict start ?
what part of denver is the airport in ?
where does spanish rank in terms of the number of native speakers ?
who did the shot heard round the world ?
who was elected as the first president of the united states ?
three movies made from agatha christie's novels ?
what kind of bear is the california flag ?
is greenland part of europe or north america ?
who served the least amount of time as president ?
who owns and operates the panama canal today ?
who played the emperor in the star wars movies ?
who played brooke windham in legally blonde the movie ?
who shot first in the shot heard around the world ?
method used by a writer to develop a character ?
when was the story of pyramus and thisbe written ?
what us state forms the western boundary of montana ?
who has won the golden boot world cup ?
when was the first star wars film released ?
actor who played caesar in dawn of the planet of the apes ?
when will the movie the death cure come out ?
who's the coach of the cleveland cavaliers ?
what is the current currency in costa rica ?
most passing yards by nfl qb in a game ?
what is the term for supreme court judges ?
where do the maple leafs play hockey in toronto ?
who does josh hutcherson play in howls moving castle ?
what time is it in alaska time zone ?
who won the super bowl on february 6 2011 ?
where did the movie the conjuring take place ?
who played the face in the a team ?
who published harry potter and the cursed child ?
who played vicki bradford on three's company ?
how many numbers are in the euromillions draw ?
who has the most oscars for best actress ?
who was the buccaneers qb when they won the superbowl ?
a country with an elected president as head of state is called ?
what kind of play is a streetcar named desire ?
what kind of dance did michael jackson do ?
in 1945 which party came into power in england ?
who played diane on young and the restless ?
when was the city of san diego founded ?
what is charlie's medication for in gossip girl ?
when was the last time the lakers won a championship ?
what are the 5 pillars of faith of islam ?
what is the second smallest country in europe ?
who plays meredith quill in guardians of the galaxy 2 ?
who is the speaker of the house philippines ?
what movie has the song let me call you sweetheart ?
when did houston move to the national league ?
what is the number of players on a nfl team ?
actor who plays dr avery on grey's anatomy ?
how many pennants did the braves win in a row ?
who does the democratic republic of congo trade with ?
who is the prophet referred to in the shahnama ?
who wrote my country tis of thee lyrics ?
after hindi which is the most spoken language in india ?
who played the lead role in to kill a mockingbird ?
who plays the rock's girlfriend on ballers ?
where does the arkansas river join the mississippi river ?
what type of currency is used in london england ?
who won season 10 of america's got talent ?
who is the actor that plays michael on general hospital ?
when did jane austen write pride and prejudice ?
who plays lara croft's father in tomb raider ?
which state is home to the arizona iced tea beverage company ?
who won the ncaa basketball championship in 1994 ?
what nba team did derrick rose play for ?
when was the last time the knicks won a playoff series ?
when was the last time the national league won an all star game ?
who did the british side with in the french and indian war ?
who plays predator in the new predator movie ?
who plays sally on flight of the conchords ?
who did the united states fight in the war of 1812 ?
what is the type of government in germany ?
who is the current president of france today ?
what nfl team is robert griffin the third playing for ?
who is playing halftime at the pro bowl ?
where was son of a preacher man recorded ?
who does nigel havers play in coronation st ?
who played jack mcphee on dawson's creek ?
who did gabriel jesus play for before city ?
when is the last time the nl won the all star game ?
when was air india and indian airlines merged ?
who is the netflix movie roxanne roxanne about ?
who plays white josh on crazy ex girlfriend ?
who plays the voice of chucky in seed of chucky ?
how many teams qualify for wc from south america ?
who is the president of usa right now ?
where does the movie proof of life take place ?
list the senators representing akwa ibom state in the senate ?
how many episodes of the killing on netflix ?
who is the actress who plays donna in suits ?
where is the mouth of the river severn and what is it called ?
who was the italian god presiding over beginnings and depicted with two faces ?
what's the name for earth's supply of water ?
who wrote the song photograph by ringo starr ?
who was the president at the time of the civil war ?
who is the first prime minister of france ?
where was the film the remains of the day filmed ?
who does seth macfarlane play in cleveland show ?
swiss artist was an illustrator at the bauhaus ?
who is country inn and suites affiliated with ?
where did czech republic come in eurovision 2018 ?
who plays the chairman in memoirs of a geisha ?
what was the population of the roman empire at its height ?
when does deeks first appear in ncis la ?
who played michael jackson in jackson 5 movie ?
when was the last time the canadiens won a stanley cup ?
who is the girl that plays renesmee in twilight ?
how many american lives have been lost in the afghanistan war ?
how long has tom brady been the patriots quarterback ?
when did the catholic church start honoring saints ?
who did the artwork for pink floyd's wall ?
is the united states a country or nation ?
what is the name of the heroine in bharat ane nenu ?
when did john steinbeck write of mice and me ?
when did british columbia become a province of canada ?
what are the five largest cities in the north american region ?
what is the main religion practiced in thailand ?
who plays han in the new solo movie ?
who is the actor who plays morgan corinthos ?
when did india get invaded by the british ?
who is considered as the first film actress of sinhala cinema ?
law and order actress married to football player ?
who is the current speaker of abia state ?
who is the leader of the federal ndp party ?
what are the two parts that make up congress ?
who won the big 3 championship basketball game ?
who coached the dallas cowboys after jimmy johnson ?
where did they film descendants of the sun ?
the art and science of making objects from clay is called ?
who played lumiere in original beauty and the beast ?
what industry developed into australia's biggest business ?
when did baton rouge become the capital of louisiana ?
who played phoebe's husband on friends season 2 ?
when did the us begin to fight in vietnam ?
who plays lois's dad on family guy ?
what film has the song don't you forget about me ?
where is the tennessee titans football stadium located ?
who is directly elected according to the constitution ?
who starred with mel gibson in lethal weapon ?
who wrote the song what child is this ?
who played guitar on lou reed rock and roll animal ?
where is comic con held in san diego ?
where did the british empire control an entire continent ?
where is acadia national park located in maine ?
when did it become law to stand for the national anthem ?
who won the first foot ball world cup ?
who was the mvp of the super bowl ?
last book of a series of unfortunate events ?
who wrote the song the glory of love ?
who spoke the words ich bin ein berliner ?
who is the girl in coming to america ?
who played elrond in the lord of the rings ?
who sings with michael buble on quando quando quando ?
who played jeb in to kill a mockingbird ?
how long is the term of governor in the state of pennsylvania ?
when was the last time georgia voted democrat ?
what is the name of canada's newest territory ?
where did tomatoes come from in the columbian exchange ?
in which state of india is dogri spoken ?
who played sirius black in prisoner of azkaban ?
what bodies of water surround cabo san lucas ?
country with the most islands in the world ?
who has won the cma entertainer of the year the most ?
when did australia experience most of its urbanisation ?
who played cory's older brother on boy meets world ?
who got the most superbowl wins in nfl ?
when did the book thief movie come out ?
who played the princess in kingsman secret service ?
where does the movie road to perdition take place ?
who has held the english throne the longest ?
what is the name of the airport in punta gorda florida ?
who won the first nobel prize in peace ?
where does the water at niagra falls come from ?
what movie is zippity doo dah song from ?
how many episodes of genius picasso are there ?
who played mrs. trumbull on i love lucy ?
when did the us supreme court have 9 justices ?
when did flatline by justin bieber come out ?
which river takes its name from loess soil ?
lead character in the film the bandit queen has been played by ?
who laid the foundation of school of possibilism ?
who played c3po in the original star wars ?
what is the meaning of the name downpatrick ?
what is the meaning of shalom in english ?
how many american lives were lost in the revolutionary war ?
which country has the smallest population in europe ?
who wrote the songs on dark side of the moon ?
east timor was once a part of what country ?
african countries that begin with the letter a ?
who is the guy on keeping up with the kardashians ?
who played bobby ewing's wife on dallas ?
who declared that every creature is subject to the pope for salvation ?
when is the last time the new york giants won the super bowl ?
bogota is the capital of which south american country ?
how many games does an mlb team play ?
when did the first death wish movie come out ?
what was the largest hurricane in us history ?
what was the cat called in hong kong phooey ?
who was the last governor general of india before independence ?
where did dierks bentley go to high school ?
who plays zoey in day of the dead bloodline ?
what is the system of government in japan ?
where does the term pop music come from ?
what was the first blu ray movie released ?
cairo the present capital of egypt is located closest to which ancient city ?
what episode of pll does jenna get her sight back ?
how many times have the giants beat the dodgers ?
when did ottawa become the capital of canada ?
who voiced lightning mcqueen in the movie cars ?
when did the movie karate kid come out ?
who is the coach of the ny knicks ?
what is between the simpsons and family guy ?
astronaut played by tom hanks in apollo 13 ?
who voiced lumiere in the original beauty and the beast ?
the creation of the federal reserve system was an attempt to ?
when was the first bank of america established ?
who sings the theme song to all that ?
what was the religion in persia before islam ?
who won the mvp at the all-star game ?
what was russia called after the russian revolution ?
where will the star wars hotel be located ?
how many teams are in the nhl in canada ?
who plays in the nfl wild card games ?
which state of india currently has an official state flag ?
who plays martha stuart in home and away ?
who won entertainer of the year country music awards ?
australia is made up of how many states and territories ?
who wrote the song make me feel your love ?
what is the area code of washington dc ?
who wrote let me love you by justin bieber ?
who is the current prime minister of england ?
who plays matilde en el senor de los cielos ?
where does the great outdoors movie take place ?
who has the most defensive player of the year awards nfl ?
who played willow in buffy the vampire slayer ?
when are general elections held in the us ?
who does the music for shimmer and shine ?
when did the flyers last win a stanley cup ?
who plays noah flynn in the lissing booth ?
which river separates the bronx in new york city from manhattan island ?
how many seasons has greys anatomy been on tv ?
how many d1 college basketball teams are there ?
when did ronaldo score his first hat trick ?
name a country that use a lot of colonies ?
who starred in the movie romancing the stone ?
what type of english do we speak today ?
who does betty end up with on riverdale ?
who is the actor who plays joffrey in game of thrones ?
who played b.a. baracus in the a-team ?
what is money as a medium of exchange ?
who wrote the song you name the babies i'll name the dogs ?
what is the highest denomination of the us dollar ?
where was treasure of the sierra madre filmed ?
when did cristiano ronaldo go to manchester united ?
how many terminals are there in dubai airport ?
where did kansas city's quarterback go to college ?
is the uk a state or a country ?
when is the last time the jaguars won a playoff game ?
who played cruella de vil in 101 dalmatians ?
what genre is the magic tree house books ?
where did the french and idian war take place ?
who stars in the movie my cousin rachel ?
film that won the oscar for best picture in 1989 ?
where does the word christian come from in the bible ?
who is the inspector general of police of nigeria ?
who was the first signatory of the israeli declaration of independence ?
when did the national anthem became our national anthem ?
which season was crotone promoted to the serie a league ?
who told the story of the prodigal son ?
when was the chain first used for f1 ?
where do the new york yankees do spring training ?
what are the time zones of the usa ?
who has the power to regulate foreign trade ?
what south american country is bordered by two oceans ?
who was the leader of the soviet union when the berlin wall was built ?
when was the term prime minister first used ?
when was the time the eagles won the superbowl ?
who played caesar in planet of the apes war ?
who was the first female monarch of england ?
where are the bulk of congress' powers found ?
when was judicial review granted to the supreme court within the united states ?
where does army football team go to school ?
who won nfl football coach of the year ?
how many casualties were there in world war 1 ?
who plays jesus in the movie mary magdalene ?
when does jane the virgin episode 18 come out ?
when was the last time a hurricane hit the uk ?
who was the declaration of independence written for ?
when did california become home to a substantial minority of english-speaking settlers ?
when did the new movie transformers come out ?
who was the voice of templeton in charlotte's web ?
the actual name of the confederate force at gettysburg was ?
how many episodes in series 2 of taken ?
where are the powers of congress listed in the constitution ?
who's the original singer of help me make it through the night ?
who was running as vice president in 1984 ?
who is the leader of the ontario pc party ?
actor who played diary of a wimpy kid ?
who played the original dolly in hello dolly ?
when was the us department of homeland security created ?
who is the current speaker of the house of commons ?
what is the order for the indiana jones movies ?
who does tom hanks work for in castaway ?
where did hope on bold and beautiful go ?
who is jack in when calls the heart ?
who wrote the song my woman my woman my wife ?
give an example of a musical work of each of the following composers debussy ?
who sang the song leader of the band ?
who played sonny in lemony snicket's a series of unfortunate events ?
when did john terry first play for chelsea ?
who played guitar on bark at the moon ?
where does the movie step up take place ?
who did the dominican republic gain its independence from ?
who played natalie on one life to live ?
who was elected governor of tennessee in 1865 ?
who was the first elected president of pakistan ?
what does the latin phrase persona non grata mean ?
who starred with marilyn monroe in diamonds are a girl's best friend ?
who was the oldest us president to be elected ?
who was the 31st president of the united states ?
what caribbean island is part of the united states ?
how many episodes are in 90210 season 1 ?
who won the battle of the appomattox court house ?
when was the us department of defense established ?
who is the secretary of state for northern ireland ?
who is the actor who plays jamie in outlander ?
what is the queen of spain's name ?
what were significant achievements of the ancient egyptian in science and technology ?
what is the value of the currency in paraguay ?
who played the saint in the tv series ?
who played zorro son in the legend of zorro ?
list of hum tv dramas based on novels ?
who is the actor that plays jeepers creepers ?
who is leading in passing yards in the nfl ?
what is another name for the persian empire ?
who played the role of a villain in the 1977 film 'parvarish' ?
who played the lead guitar in beat it ?
who is the kicker for the tennessee titans ?
who is the oldest sitting supreme court justice ?
who wrote the lyrics to echoes by pink floyd ?
which major russian city borders the baltic sea ?
who elect the president of the united states ?
who played the joker in the batman tv show ?
who wrote dulce et decorum est pro patria mori ?
which water body separates sri lanka from india ?
who led the league in rebounds this year ?
where was the john wayne movie chisum filmed ?
who is the actor that plays jamie on blue bloods ?
where did the french revolution take place in ?
who played jackie kennedy in the movie jackie ?
where is the state of new york located ?
who is the newly elected mayor of atlanta ?
when's the last time toronto maple leafs were in the playoffs ?
where did earl campbell go to high school ?
what was the first soap opera on radio ?
who composed the series of instrumental works known as the well-tempered clavier ?
who plays the fairy god mother in shrek 2 ?
what place did russia come in the world cup ?
who starred in the tv series wild wild west ?
where is the prime minister of israel located ?
who's winning the new jersey gubernatorial race ?
what is the name of the college in animal house ?
who led the mission to open up trade in japan ?
what is the largest city in latin america ?
what award did leonardo dicaprio won for the revenant ?
who has been nominated for the most best actor oscars ?
who named the country 'islas de san lazaro' ?
where is the iberian peninsula located on a map of europe ?
what is the currency of sierra leone called ?
who won 2017 grammy award for best rock song ?
when was the movie a christmas story first released ?
when was the last year the yankees and the dodgers played in the world series ?
what was the last marvel movie that came out ?
when did england first get a prime minister ?
where is the actress that played wonder woman from ?
sound of music what year was it made ?
who is the actor that played freddy krueger ?
who does kristen stewart play in into the wild ?
when was the national world war ii memorial built ?
what county is vero beach florida located in ?
what is the capacity of university of phoenix stadium ?
who plays the teacher on f the prom ?
what was the war between britain and america called ?
what is the meaning of muslim name zeeshan ?
who is the mother of kevin's son in coronation street ?
who was the team that beat philadelphia eagles this year ?
how many episodes of grace and frankie in season 4 ?
in new zealand what language do they speak ?
when did nigeria become a member of commonwealth ?
where is the eye of the hurricane located ?
who is the guy who does movie trailers ?
who was known as israel in the bible ?
who was the president that served more than two terms ?
where did battle of the bastards take place ?
who is rated the best president of the united states ?
what's the zip code for victorville ca ?
who played audra on star trek the next generation ?
what was the city of chicago known for at the turn of the 20th century ?
who handles the money in the us government ?
who played wickham in pride and prejudice 1995 ?
who was the book of james written to ?
what was the capital city of the aztec empire ?
who did rose mciver play on once upon a time ?
the constitutional convention of 1787 in philadelphia occurred in which century ?
what team has the most super bowls in the nfl ?
who won the battle of richmond in the revolutionary war ?
what is the population of nashville tennessee 2018 ?
who proposed the modern synthetic theory of evolution ?
who served as the general of confederate forces during the civil war ?
who does the voice of meg from family guy ?
when did the redskins win their first super bowl ?
how many super bowls have the cowboys won and what were the years ?
first secretary of defense for the united states ?
when did the france enter the american revolutionary war ?
who does johnny depp play in lone ranger ?
who played charlie in charlie and the chocolate factory original ?
which two countries have overlapping territorial claims in the arctic circle ?
when did the us get involved with the vietnam war ?
what was the capital of uk before london ?
what is the oldest mlb stadium still in use ?
where was the last winter olympics held in us ?
where does the mississippi river empty into the ocean ?
what is the word for cat in egyptian ?
who was the leader of the people's republic of china answers.com ?
america's got talent who was the winner ?
where did the sand on waikiki beach come from ?
who played the russian hockey coach in miracle ?
who played lumiere in the new beauty and the beast ?
when did the dbacks win the world series ?
who said there stands jackson like a stonewall ?
who voiced the villain in despicable me 3 ?
who wrote the chapter of matthew in the bible ?
who plays jack frost in a touch of frost ?
who was the host of america got talent ?
where was the original stephen king's it filmed ?
who is known as father of english literature ?
who was the king of england 1000 years ago ?
when was the at and t stadium built ?
where is guinea ecuatorial located on the map ?
what city are the rams football team from ?
who did mos def play in cadillac records ?
who starred in the tv series remington steele ?
who does justin timberlake play in shrek 3 ?
who is the top selling music artist of all time ?
who played the preacher in the movie tommy ?
what is the movie birth of a nation about ?
who was the book of romans addressed to ?
main tera hero is a remake of which movie ?
where does the forth and clyde canal start and finish ?
what team has the most super bowls wins ?
where were the atomic bombs dropped in japan ?
when was the last time poland played in the world cup ?
where is the world tallest building the burj khalifa located ?
what city and state is purdue university located in ?
when did the ottoman empire take over the byzantine empire ?
where were the anzacs supposed to land at gallipoli ?
who is fizz married to in coronation street ?
what was the largest margin of victory in a presidential election ?
who played the mother in how i met your mother ?
what is amelia's real name from bizaardvark ?
name the ruler of russia during first world war ?
why was greenwich chosen as the location for the prime meridian ?
who was in charge of the spanish inquisition ?
who plays the evil king in black panther ?
what are the 3 pillars of the eu ?
who did the browns pick number 1 in the draft ?
who did the reds beat in the 1990 world series ?
who was the lead singer of the go gos ?
what is the most populated region in ghana ?
who led the confederate army in the battle of gettysburg ?
what is the salt capital of the philippines ?
how many states are in the continental united states ?
who were the candidates in the 1896 election ?
the infective stage of malarial parasite plasmodium that enters human body is ?
when did the philippines gain independence from united states ?
who was the only roman catholic ever elected president ?
who is the actor that plays stefan salvatore ?
who wrote i'll wait by van halen ?
what is the population of desmet south dakota ?
what is the name of the head of state of jamaica 2017 ?
what are the main industries in papua new guinea ?
who wrote so you want to be a rock and roll star ?
how many justices are there in the us supreme court ?
what part of ireland is still under british rule ?
who does the voice of lois in family guy ?
who played macgyver in the original tv show ?
what county is punta gorda florida located in ?
membership in the european union requires countries to have which type of government ?
who produced let the beat build lil wayne ?
who led a military coup in pakistan in october 1999 ?
who won the most awards at the emas ?
where was the first battle of civil war fought ?
what type of business is enterprise rent a car ?
who is the first vice president of nigeria ?
who played john abbott on the young and restless ?
when does stephen kings it come out on blu ray ?
what does the ip in ip address stand for ?
who is the current madam president in the senate ?
who is the first caption of indian team ?
where is michelangelo's david in florence italy ?
who is the movie the devil wears prada based on ?
when was aaron rodgers picked in the draft ?
how does mozart die in the movie amadeus ?
who did okc play in the nba finals ?
when did the twin peaks movie come out ?
who was the first elected president of the republic of texas ?
where does the water from the la river come from ?
who won the nhl stanley cup last year ?
who played betty ramsey on i love lucy ?
who played the saxophone in i will always love you ?
who was the only ruler of britain who ruled instead of a king or queen ?
who plays the male hippo in madagascar 2 ?
do the netherlands have a king or queen ?
where is the american legion world series held ?
what us president declared war on great britain in 1812 ?
what part of the bay area is oakland ?
where does the water come from in a quarry ?
who is the actor who plays lavon hayes ?
what is the name of zobo in english ?
when did greece become part of the roman empire ?
who played charlie on charlie angels tv series ?
where was the movie gran torino filmed at ?
when did the chinese communist revolution start and end ?
who does the president nominate to represent the us in other countries ?
with which two countries did austria-hungary form the triple alliance ?
who played the lead actor in the movie the bourne legacy ?
when did the film mama mia come out ?
who was the governor of new jersey in 2006 ?
where was the movie cahill us marshal filmed ?
what was the first president of the united states of america ?
who wrote the words to barbados national anthem ?
who did ryan gosling play on mickey mouse ?
who is playing claire on days of our lives ?
when did the panthers make the super bowl ?
when is the new president of mexico elected ?
where does nike just do it come from ?
who dies in killing of a sacred deer ?
who played jill on young and the restless ?
who attacked first in the battle of chancellorsville ?
who plays murray's brother in the goldbergs ?
whens the last time there was a sweep in the nba finals ?
who does princess maria marry in war and peace ?
who was the first soldier to be buried at arlington national cemetery ?
who's the best selling artist of all time ?
where was the statue of zeus at olympia located ?
what school has the most ncaa basketball championships ?
who was the movie a beautiful mind based on ?
the renaissance madrigal was a sacred music form ?
who has played for liverpool and manchester united ?
who won the stanley cup playoffs in 2018 ?
which terminal does virgin atlantic fly into at heathrow ?
who did astros play in 2017 world series ?
who was the first ruler of the mali empire ?
who played jack snyder on as the world turns ?
what is another name for the red sea ?
who are the presiding officers in the senate ?
who played the role of nargis in sanju ?
how many episodes of animal kingdom are in season 3 ?
who was the shooter at columbine high school ?
who is the owner of kkr ipl team ?
when was disney the fox and the hound first released ?
the nigerian flag was design in what year ?
where is the tv show home town filmed ?
spanish portuguese english french and quechua are spoken in countries of this continent ?
the meaning of the rosary in the roman catholic church ?
who plays the ghost in a ghost story ?
star wars the phantom menace darth maul actor ?
when does indiana go to daylight savings time ?
who played judy hensler on leave it to beaver ?
who played the thin man in the movies ?
when did the washington redskins become a team ?
where is the university of oregon state located ?
what was the actual battle called between the french and mexican forces on cinco de mayo ?
when did tolkien begin writing the lord of the rings ?
who does melissa george play in grey's anatomy ?
when did toronto last win the stanley cup ?
who's the quarterback of the new york giants ?
who did golden state win the nba finals ?
when did russia first host the summer olympic ?
when does daylight savings time end in colorado ?
who does mila kunis play on american dad ?
where is the atomic mass located on an element ?
who plays tina in wizards of waverly place ?
who plays belle in beauty and the beast movie ?
who did mel gibson play in the patriot ?
who is the coach of the florida gators football team ?
who plays the director on ncis los angeles ?
what is the name of the airport in orlando ?
what year did the dallas cowboys win their last super bowl ?
who does bradley cooper end up with in aloha ?
actor who plays jack in will and grace ?
cristiano ronaldo what country does he play for ?
who played grizzly adams in the tv show ?
who became the first pope of the roman catholic church ?
1994 movie that started a sci fi franchise ?
who sings hawaiian version of somewhere over the rainbow ?
who wrote i'm a survivor by destiny's child ?
how many episodes on braxton family values season 6 ?
when was the rio+20 summit in rio de janeiro held ?
what is the name of the very first video uploaded to youtube ?
when did the us engage in the vietnam war ?
where is the time zone change from eastern to central ?
who plays haley james in one tree hill ?
​a form of government in which political power is exercised directly by citizens is a(n) ?
who won the college football championship in 1945 ?
when did political parties first form in the united states ?
who did chris pratt play in the lego movie ?
who was the main enemy of france in the french and indian war ?
who turned out to be the mother in how i met your mother ?
who wrote play it again by luke bryan ?
who played the devil in tenacious d movie ?
who plays lord voldemort in chamber of secrets ?
what is the most famous sport in argentina ?
who wrote the texts or libretti of richard wagner's music dramas ?
where was the airport scene in dumb and dumber filmed ?
what kind of book is the story of my life by helen keller ?
who plays jack thornton on when calls the heart ?
how many points did wilt chamberlain score in his nba career ?
who developed the steam engine that could drive machinery ?
what is the official language in british columbia ?
when did the redsox win the world series ?
when does the movie leatherface come out on dvd ?
what is the zip code of mandaluyong city ?
who won the most states in a presidential election ?
who killed king robert in game of thrones ?
who played spock's mother in the original star trek series ?
when did the nba start and how many teams were there ?
what is the area code for midland tx ?
when did the who play at the super bowl ?
who won the popular vote in the 2008 presidential election ?
who was the first governor of california after statehood ?
who is the current leader of the official opposition in canada ?
who is the actor that plays negan on the walking dead ?
who was the us president when ww2 ended ?
who won the match between fc barcelona and real madrid ?
when does the first divergent movie come out ?
when were properties first registered with the land registry ?
who played the role of karna in mahabharata ?
which language do they speak in south korea ?
what city is the great pyramid of giza located ?
who played otis williams in the movie the temptations ?
who played carmen's boyfriend on george lopez ?
what kind of spanish do they speak in colombia ?
what style of art did van gogh do ?
what area of paris is the eiffel tower ?
where did the movie 10000 bc take place ?
who wrote the song see you again by carrie underwood ?
the two chambers of elected national representative in nigeria are called ?
where did the philippine american war take place ?
who played jim lovell's daughter in apollo 13 ?
who was the kid in charlie chaplin movie ?
what designation would best describe the theological persuasion of the assemblies of god ?
when was the last time the knicks had a winning season ?
who does benedict cumberbatch play in the penguins of madagascar ?
who was the voice of jessica in who framed roger rabbit ?
what part of mexico are the aztecs from ?
where is south africa located in the world ?
where does amazing world of gumball take place ?
consubstantial with the father in the creed means what ?
who wrote the lyrics for the lion king ?
who plays jennifer lopez's daughter on shades of blue ?
coaches who won super bowl and national championship ?
who was the movie i can only imagine based on ?
who was the first cheif justice of the supreme court ?
when did the newsboy strike of 1899 end ?
who played compos son in last of the summer wine ?
what is the name of capital of argentina ?
how many episodes are there of hannah montana ?
who sings the song what it's like ?
what country is on the other side of england ?
in the movie the terminator what is the name of the company that created skynet ?
what university has the most students in the us ?
which waterway connects the mediterranean sea with red sea ?
how many colours are on the south african flag ?
kuala lumpur is the capital city of which country ?
how many super bowl rings does dallas cowboys have ?
who created the people's republic of china ?
who did florida state play in the 2013 national championship ?
what type of estuary is the columbia river ?
what are the names of the hunger game movies ?
where is the new york times newspaper published ?
what was the actresses name that played wonder woman ?
what's the president's term of office ?
who played catwoman in the original batman movie ?
who won the wizard tournament in wizards of waverly place ?
who played hank williams sr in the movie ?
who wrote the song i shot the sheriff ?
what year did baby by justin bieber come out ?
countries that have italian as an official language ?
who does tom cruise play in the outsiders ?
who won premier league goal of the season ?
who played ben on days of our lives ?
who won the most oscars for best director ?
when was the last time georgia had a tropical storm ?
when did los angeles kings win the stanley cup ?
who produced did it on em by nicki minaj ?
who wrote the song in school of rock ?
who was the founder of buddhism and when was he born ?
what is the word for caesar in russian ?
what is the name given to the chief religious leader of a synagogue ?
when is the olympics coming to los angeles ?
who did ronaldo play for in the world cup ?
when did the two halves of germany reunite ?
the european union is an example of a regional organization primarily focused on ?
when was the first film made in colour ?
what movie is the song chaiyya chaiyya from ?
who plays pride's daughter on ncis new orleans ?
who sings vocals on one of these nights ?
when was buddhism introduced in sri lanka who introduced it ?
who played venus van dam on sons of anarchy ?
who played ginny hopkirk in randall and hopkirk deceased ?
when did the actor who played tony soprano die ?
who is the current chief of airforce staff ?
who are the democratic candidates running for governor in kansas ?
when did afghanistan gain independence from great britain ?
who is the owner of the baltimore ravens ?
who played taylor in 50 shades of grey ?
father and daughter who have won an oscar ?
how many nba championships has golden state warriors won ?
who plays devon butler in cop and a half ?
who is the coach for the cleveland cavaliers ?
where did grateful dead live in san francisco ?
when did scotland become a part of great britain ?
who is our current president of the senate ?
who killed fortunato in the cask of amontillado ?
when was mary shelley's frankenstein first published ?
who is the coach of the carolina hurricanes ?
how far is beaumont tx to houston tx ?
who are the candidates for new york city mayor ?
who played bill paxton's fiance in twister ?
how many games has queensland won state of origin ?
who was the dictator who ruled spain for 40 years ?
what is the most common religion in lebanon ?
who played janet in rocky horror picture show ?
where was baz luhrmann's romeo and juliet filmed ?
around what main principle did the know-nothing party organize ?
who played peggy on leave it to beaver ?
where does the nile river start in africa ?
who plays noah in the walking dead season 5 ?
when did the legend of zelda come out ?
who coaches texas tech men's basketball team ?
who was the real artist on good times ?
who plays the irish guy on sons of anarchy ?
who played thanos in gardians of the galaxy ?
how many game of thrones seasons are on dvd ?
what movie did the song tammy come from ?
what is the name of the actress in king kong ?
who did the populists nominate as their presidential candidate in 1892 ?
when did southwest missouri state became missouri state ?
who played chelsea on days of our lives ?
what type of music is where is the love ?
what was the great pyramid of giza made out of ?
who did david schwimmer play in the wonder years ?
who is maria brother in west side story ?
where is the ohio state fair located at ?
who played donna on that 70's show ?
what is the oldest canal in the uk ?
who was governor of new york during 9 11 ?
who is the president of nicaragua right now ?
who served as the head of the soviet union between 1924 and 1953 ?
who won the mvp for the all star game ?
when did the us invaded germany in world war 2 ?
who played charlene darling in the andy griffith show ?
what's the name of the latest james bond movie ?
who played roscoe in dukes of hazzard movie ?
who played the original jason on general hospital ?
when did charles dickens write his last book ?
how many french speaking country in west africa ?
who played the cobra kai sensei in the karate kid ?
when was the the bill of rights written ?
who led the quraish at the battle of uhud ?
who is the present foreign minister of usa ?
who is the actor that plays walter white ?
who played sam and dean's father in supernatural ?
when was the first epistle of john written ?
who plays chucky's voice in child's play ?
who does denise marry on the cosby show ?
who do members of the house of representatives represent ?
which barbarian groups entered the western roman empire through germany ?
where were the first american film companies located ?
who's running for governor in the state of ohio ?
when did guyana became a member of caricom ?
nba player with most championships with different teams ?
what part of canada is above new york ?
what was the outcome of the iranian revolution in 1979 ?
who was the last governor of new jersey ?
what is the oldest monotheistic religion and is based on the hebrew bible ?
what is the most common religion in the philippines ?
who appoints the governor of a state in india ?
who was the president when the bill of rights took effect ?
what type of government is the european union ?
where do the houston rockets play home games ?
where was the playboy club located in chicago ?
who was the first governor of south carolina ?
when did the sydney opera house became a world heritage site ?
who sits next to the speaker of the house during the state of the union ?
where is the movie peace love and misunderstanding filmed ?
who played tony in west side story movie ?
when did nigeria become a member of the united nation ?
who sings stand out from a goofy movie ?
when was the last time the mets went to the world series ?
when did tom brady start playing in the nfl ?
how does california make most of its money ?
who was the democrat candidate for president in 1920 ?
what part of florida is st. petersburg in ?
who did the first voice of meg on family guy ?
what is the name of the vietnamese currency ?
who invented the difference engine and the analytical engine ?
when did the lead singer of inxs die ?
what ocean zone does the frilled shark live in ?
what is the main branch of the new york public library ?
who is the actress that played luna lovegood ?
barbra streisand song from a star is born ?
what is the meaning of the name pacheco ?
who did tom ellis play in once upon a time ?
who controlled vietnam for more than a thousand years ?
who is the new prime minister of canada ?
what character did josh brolin play in goonies ?
who won the world cup as a player and a manager ?
who is the owner of barcelona f c ?
who is the actress who played ophelia on the royals ?
who founded the pushti marg sect of the hindu religion ?
who are the members of senate electoral tribunal ?
when is the election for governor in florida ?
who did nick saban play for in college ?
who is the mom in how i met your mom ?
what's the bird's name on lion guard ?
how many stores does walmart have in usa ?
who was the roman emperor in 43 ad ?
who was the king of england when the american colonies rebelled ?
who is the secretary of state in arkansas ?
who is the president of india present now ?
where does the current off-broadway production of avenue q play ?
who does scarlett end up with in gone with the wind ?
who played denise husband on the cosby show ?
who was the ruler of the aztec empire when the spanish conquest began ?
how many years did deion sanders play baseball ?
who is buried in santa croce in florence ?
who sang the theme song for wonder years ?
how many languages do we have in plateau state ?
where does the public sector get its money from ?
which president nominated the most supreme court justices ?
who did ian mercer play in coronation street ?
who was the leader of the soviet union in 1967 and 1968 ?
where did the clippers play before staples center ?
who played guitar on you really got me ?
who got married in the cast of friends ?
where did russell westbrook go in the draft ?
what's the first state in the usa ?
who produced the don't be cruel album ?
when were the olympics hosted in the usa ?
who played julie in only fools and horses ?
who played dill in the movie to kill a mockingbird ?
potomac river flows into what body of water ?
who is al mahdi and what will he accomplish ?
who is opening for taylor swift on reputation tour ?
when was the first king arthur story written ?
what year is it at the beginning of guardians of the galaxy ?
when was the rose that grew from concrete poem written ?
when was priscilla queen of the desert made ?
what is the square footage of the united states ?
who was the director of black panther movie ?
where do they print money in south africa ?
what is the name of the new atlanta braves stadium ?
who was a vice president that became president ?
who played bobby in can't buy me love ?
artist responsible for spreading the influence of the italian baroque style ?
who is the first president of united state of america ?
which country has the largest oil reserves in the world ?
what are the names of the countries in the united kingdom ?
which city is further west la or reno ?
when did amsterdam become capital of the netherlands ?
who is the movie the greatest showman based on ?
who played ironside in the original tv series ?
how many episodes in midnight texas season 1 ?
when did dwayne wade won his first championship ?
which event involved the training of cuban exiles by the central intelligence agency ?
which country in africa is the most developed ?
who wrote the song here comes my baby ?
who played albert einstein in the series genius ?
what was the original name of the pittsburgh pirates ?
when did the yankees move to new stadium ?
what is the enrollment at ball state university ?
what is the name of the currency used in new zealand ?
who is the actor that plays anakin skywalker ?
who played charlie in the original charlie angels ?
who plays jacob as a kid in lost ?
how many power rangers series has tommy been in ?
who starred in the 1988 christmas movie scrooged ?
what state is directly west of north dakota ?
who played cruella de vil in once upon a time ?
who played jaws in the james bond movies ?
who plays alex in power rangers time force ?
who plays the bad guy in fifth element ?
what is the population of johnson city tn ?
who was the swedish scientist who developed a naming system based on organisms observable traits ?
who would be president if the president dies ?
who played the moon in the mighty boosh ?
who plays henry in the book of henry ?
who's the woman that played wonder woman ?
what category was hurricane david when it hit dominica ?
how many lord if the rings movies are there ?
who drew up the boundaries for the new countries formed after the breakup of the ottoman empire ?
in what country do you find the kivi ?
who elects the member of senate in pakistan ?
when does antony die in antony and cleopatra ?
who wrote the hobbit and lord of the rings ?
where did the 100 year war take place ?
what larger category of sciences does biology fall under ?
how many miles of coastline does australia have ?
how many goals has messi got in his career ?
who played mr swainey in one foot in the grave ?
who was an abolitionist who published and autobiography and anti-slavery newspaper ?
who did kelly from saved by the bell marry ?
where was the first church in canada created ?
who does the voice for chris on family guy ?
who is in charge of a democratic government ?
where was the first mcdonald's located at ?
what countries from the southern boundary of kazakhstan ?
when did high school musical 2 come out ?
how many jeepers creepers movies did they make ?
who wrote the song i look to you by whitney houston ?
how many employees does walmart have in the us ?
actress who plays maxie jones on general hospital ?
actress who plays hillary on the young and the restless ?
what european countries are entirely west of the prime meridian ?
who won last year's emirate fa cup ?
who won best supporting actress at golden globes ?
who owns bank of america stadium in charlotte ?
when did the knicks win their last championship ?
which actor was the star of the movie the sixth sense ?
who played the hulk in the original series ?
where was the first abercrombie and fitch store ?
who is john writing to in 3 john ?
when did leonardo da vinci start painting at what age ?
who has won the 2017 italian formula 1 grand prix tournament ?
when did the lipan apache arrive in oklahoma ?
what is the name of the hotel in mamma mia ?
how many parts of halloween movies are there ?
when was the democratic republic of vietnam formed ?
who plays senara on marvel's agents of shield ?
which is the most selling newspaper in india ?
in which two hemispheres is the united states found ?
when did we begin to stand for the national anthem ?
who is cate blanchett's character in lord of the rings ?
who decides the salaries of the judges of supreme court ?
when did harry potter and the half blood prince book come out ?
how many books did paul write in the bible ?
who is the original singer of time after time ?
in which language jana gana mana is written ?
where did the battle of lexington and concord take place ?
who became the first leader of the united russia ?
who plays dickens in the man who invented christmas ?
who won the bobbie rosenfeld award in 2017 ?
persian gulf war timeline of operation desert storm ?
how many original harry potter books are there ?
who does natalie portman play in phantom menace ?
mumford and sons song in the movie brave ?
who did jeffrey dean morgan play on supernatural ?
what is the meaning of masha allah in urdu ?
when's the last time the panthers went to the superbowl ?
who wrote the theme song to the goldbergs ?
where was the movie first kill filmed at ?
when was the movie good will hunting made ?
who played in the odd couple on broadway ?
who did tom brady play for in college football ?
where does the movie soul surfer take place ?
who sang the theme song for the tv show 'rawhide' ?
what part of africa is kenya located in ?
who won the first mvp in the nba ?
who is the us army chief of staff ?
country with largest land area in western hemisphere ?
when did linkin park release their first album ?
who played wesley crusher on star trek the next generation ?
when was the movie sound of music made ?
who had the hit family affair in 1973 ?
what is the smallest state in the united states of america ?
in crossing jordan who does jordan end up with ?
what did the gi bill provide for returning veterans ?
where is california state university east bay located ?
who played wild bill hickok in the movie hickok ?
what were the dates of the first gulf war ?
time after time song was in what movie ?
who did the music for the harry potter movies ?
who was the president during spanish american war ?
when did justin bieber's purpose tour start ?
where does don draper live in season 1 ?
where did alex vause go in season 2 ?
who serves as president of the united states senate ?
who is the world best selling music artist ?
what is the current population of the bahamas ?
where is the first six flags amusement park ?
lhasa which is being turned into a culturally chinese city is the capital of what country ?
when did jimi hendrix cover all along the watchtower ?
what is the zip code for parkland florida ?
when can the supreme court justices be removed ?
how do you pronounce wonder woman's mom's name ?
who established the first colonial settlement along the ouachita river and what was it called ?
who played winston churchill in the darkest hour movie ?
when did honolulu become the capital of hawaii ?
where was the prince of saudi arabia educated ?
who does the voice of death on family guy ?
when did pirates of the caribbean ride open at disney world ?
what is priscilla in priscilla queen of the desert ?
who did san diego play in the super bowl ?
what state is a christmas story based in ?
when did arsenal last win the league cup ?
which republican senate seats are up in 2018 ?
where did the movie the graduate take place ?
who played the mother on the cosby show ?
who was ollie married to in holby city ?
who was appointed chancellor of germany in 1923 ?
when was the last time the redskins won the super bowl ?
actress who played star on one life to live ?
who played uncle fester in the addams family movies ?
what island is located off the boot toe of italy ?
who is known as the father of political science ?
who played the mother in the wonder years ?
who were america's allies in the revolutionary war ?
who was the original singer of ruby tuesday ?
what does cinco de mayo mean in mexico ?
who scored chelsea's first goal last season ?
what marvel movie came out after guardians of the galaxy ?
when was the first college founded in america ?
who is the longest serving prime minister of uk ?
who does josh peck play in family guy ?
how many times has australia hosted the commenwealth games ?
what type of legislature was the new jersey plan ?
when did the british lose the american colonies ?
who is in charge of a football match ?
when did the last living civil war veteran died ?
who was the president when apollo 11 landed ?
who played julie in look whos talking too ?
who composed the music for la la land ?
who has more trophies man utd or liverpool ?
who has the most championship in the nfl ?
who elects the president of the united states ?
what kind of large cat is not found in the wild in asia ?
who did curtis granderson play for last year ?
who was the english civil war fought between ?
when did the harry potter books come out ?
where is the hockey being played commonwealth games ?
where does hill country fare chicken come from ?
what is the name of the boundary line between india and china ?
how many 5 digit zip codes in the us ?
what are the counties in el paso tx ?
what year is it according to the islamic calendar ?
who wrote you put a spell on me ?
where did the houston texans football team come from ?
when did tupac's last album come out ?
who played amy grant and i can only imagine ?
who went up in a chariot of fire in the bible ?
who is the actor that plays mayhem on the allstate commercials ?
when did the last transformers movie come out ?
what is the national sport of the usa ?
what actress contributed to the voice of e.t ?
when was the sisters of st joseph founded ?
who won the battle of kursk in world war ii ?
where do new york giants play home games ?
who played michael corleone italian wife in the godfather ?
who played the wife in mcmillan & wife ?
who is the current sheriff of maricopa county arizona ?
who played the catcher in a league of their own ?
who did the panthers play in their first super bowl ?
when did turkey become a candidate for the eu ?
what is the mouth of truth in rome ?
who played the first captain on star trek ?
who played the girl in true grit with john wayne ?
who played lou grant in the mary tyler moore show ?
who wrote the music for out of africa ?
how many teams in the english premier league ?
who is the publisher for the new york times ?
what is the capital of zamfara state in nigeria ?
who is the speaker of the house representative now ?
where was the movie turner and hooch filmed ?
who participated in the battle of lexington and concord ?
what is the most common dialect of chinese ?
how many teams are in the stanley cup finals ?
who controlled the house and senate in 1994 ?
who was president of the united states in 1958 ?
who plays emma's son in life unexpected ?
what are the mountains between france and italy ?
who is the present chief minister of up ?
when does bella become a vampire in the twilight series ?
who is the dirty boy on charlie brown ?
who ends up with elena in the vampire diaries ?
what european country does the jabra brand originate from ?
who plays michael myers in new halloween movie ?
who played taylor in she's all that ?
when did utah become part of the united states ?
when was new zealand founded as a country ?
what is the main airport in london england ?
how many episodes are in season 1 of jane the virgin ?
who is the father of nation of saudi arabia ?
who was picked before kevin durant in the nba draft ?
who played germany in the world cup final ?
is harry potter and the cursed child a book or script ?
when did cable cars start in san francisco ?
what is pitta in human body called in english ?
actor who plays hal munson on as the world turns ?
who plays vision in the new avengers movie ?
where was the first game of basketball played ?
when did comic con start in san diego ?
where is paper currency made in the us ?
who sings the theme song from robin hood prince of thieves ?
what was the assyrians form of writing known as ?
who is the original singer of it's my life ?
what characterizes the art and design of the dutch art group known as de stijl ?
what percentage of north korea's foreign trade is with china ?
where did the blitz of world war ii take place ?
what is the accent over the i in spanish called ?
who created the mouse that is used on millions of computers today ?
who is eric clapton singing about in wonderful tonight ?
who won the first academy award for best picture ?
what's the name of spike lee's new movie ?
who was the famous leader of the confederate military ?
who had the longest tenure as president of usa ?
who starred in lost and the vampire diaries ?
who did nicki minaj play in ice age ?
who played bess on the mary tyler moore show ?
who did the houston rockets beat in the 1994-95 nba championship ?
in which season are the rains plentiful in asia ?
who was the ruler of akkad who established the first empire in sumer ca. 2340 b.c.e ?
where is st thomas located on the map ?
what do britain's got talent winners win ?
when did whitney houston record the greatest love of all ?
who sits in the high court of australia ?
who plays in the first nfl football game ?
where did the idea of representative democracy come from ?
where are the cayman islands on the map ?
what kind of economic system does china use ?
where is sussex inlet in new south wales ?
when did lionel messi started his football career ?
who wrote the music for the lord of the rings movies ?
what is the area code for dallas tx ?
which airport in london is closer to the city ?
when did qld first win the sheffield shield ?
who was the first king to be crowned in westminster abbey ?
when was barbra streisand in a star is born ?
who played flo in the tv show alice ?
who was the first catholic to be voted us president ?
when was the last time alabama had a democrat as a senator ?
who died in the grey's anatomy shooting ?
when did the rams win the super bowl ?
who has won the last two super bowls ?
who is the author of the kissing hand ?
who played chun li in street fighter movie ?
who was the first person to be buried at arlington national cemetery ?
when was the last time louisiana executed someone ?
who does emilio estevez play in the outsiders ?
who is chief justice of sindh high court ?
when did f scott fitzgerald start writing the great gatsby ?
which was built first disneyland or disney world ?
what natural boundary lies between thailand and laos ?
how many teams are in the western conference nba ?
trade limits against south africa are an example of ?
who played ross poldark in the original tv series ?
who sang stand out from a goofy movie ?
congress has formally declared war times in u.s. history ?
central america connects north america to which other continent ?
when did the first ikea open in the us ?
who starred in the jazz singer with neil diamond ?
when was the movie to sir with love made ?
who is the actor who plays hamish in neighbours ?
how many hungarians were killed in 1956 by soviet forces ?
when does california go to daylight savings time ?
where is dawson city situated in the yukon territory ?
which is the most populated country in europe ?
who became the president of pakistan in 2008 ?
when was the last time a us senator resigned ?
who plays lee toric in sons of anarchy ?
when did the first indiana jones movie come out ?
who wrote the songs for beauty and the beast ?
who is considered the home team for super bowl 52 ?
who organized the first modern olympic games in 1896 ?
who played the actor thor in thor ragnarok ?
what is the most popular city in new zealand ?
who does meg's voice on family guy ?
where are the bridges of madison county located ?
who played the first dumbledore in harry potter ?
who played padme in star wars the phantom menace ?
who won the most fa cup in england ?
who is the current leader of the usa ?
when was the first google self driving car invented ?
which florida city is called the magic city ?
who is the novel award winning poet laureate ?
when was susan barlow killed in coronation street ?
who plays rafael barba on law and order ?
who played boss hogg in the dukes of hazzard ?
when was steph curry drafted in the nba ?
once upon a time is the tag line of which film ?
who played luke skywalker in the force awakens ?
which organization sets monetary policy for the united states ?
who was the first treasurer of the united states ?
how many years did it take the united states to become involved in world war ii ?
who does yankumi end up with in gokusen ?
when did the jays win the world series ?
which is the highest selling movie of all time ?
who played the title role in willy wonka and the chocolate factory ?
who does patrick dempsey play in brother bear 2 ?
when did us troops start fighting in vietnam ?
who led the quraysh at the battle of uhud ?
what percent of the us population is catholic ?
where is st petersburg florida located in florida ?
what lauryn hill song is in drake's new song ?
who was the first draft pick in the 2018 nba ?
where did the red river rebellion take place ?
when did the first slender game come out ?
what indian tribes fought in the little bighorn ?
who won the national basketball championship last year ?
what is the purpose of a roller coaster ?
who is the issuing authority for indian passport ?
where is the secretary general of the un from ?
who was the scientist that invented electric bulb ?
who won the miss universe title in 2016 ?
who plays kirsty sutherland in home and away ?
who wrote the lyrics for mary did you know ?
what is the population of japan per square mile ?
what episode of dark angel is jensen ackles in ?
who did jessica mcnamee play in home and away ?
how many languages are there in the south african national anthem ?
who plays marlon wayans wife in white chicks ?
when does the school year start in paris ?
what language do they speak in the czech republic ?
which book is thing 1 and thing 2 in ?
who played jerry lee lewis on walk the line ?
what part of new york is radio city music hall in ?
who played gandolf in the lord of the rings ?
with what are the german die brücke artists associated ?
who is known as the father of english poetry ?
when was countrywide bought by bank of america ?
what type of music is florence and the machine ?
who is playing in the hall of fame football game ?
what is the japanese word for the nation of japan ?
where did they film american horror story roanoke ?
when was the last james bond film released ?
where is the main campus of gmc located ?
the convent of the mission de san jose is in what city ?
which parliament passed the act that contains the australian constitution ?
when did lebron james when his first championship ?
who wrote who do you think you are kidding mr hitler ?
who came up with the idea of google ?
when did the sisters of charity come to australia ?
who wrote the song purple rain for prince ?
where did the battle of shiloh take place ?
who was arizona married to on grey's anatomy ?
what is back to you by selena gomez ?
​nafta member nations include those located in ?
who played the father in father of the bride ?
where will the next summer olympic games be held ?
who plays noah's brother in the kissing booth ?
who was the singer from the cranberries that died ?
who played james kirk's mother in star trek ?
how many islands are in the cayman islands ?
who made the laws in the athenian government ?
where did antoine de saint exupery write le petit prince ?
who is the head coach of the baltimore ravens ?
what's the percentage of canadian hockey players in the nhl ?
what part of the bay area is san jose ?
when was the euro introduced as legal currency ?
who was the original singer of suspicious minds ?
where does the last name scott originate from ?
which film won best picture at the academy awards ?
what is the origin of the name russia ?
when was homeland season 6 released on dvd ?
who plays gideon on once upon a time ?
where was the film that'll be the day filmed ?
who has won the last 10 world series ?
who does george date in grey's anatomy ?
who played jesus in the movie jesus christ superstar ?
who is the actor that plays summer in wonder ?
where are the blue jays baseball team from ?
who did the detroit pistons beat in the nba finals ?
how many parts of twilight movies are there ?
who plays the voice of johnny in the movie sing ?
who won mvp last year in the nfl ?
who was the leader of vietnam during the cold war ?
where did gb come in the 2012 olympics ?
what is the celebration at the end of ramadan called ?
how many miles is the mexican border to the united states ?
what word in english is the most common spoken word ?
when did the sky's the limit come out ?
who was the leading scorer in the mavs game 1 win in the 2006 nba finals ?
what teams have beat the patriots in super bowls ?
where is the lake district located in the uk ?
who was the president of the us during ww2 ?
who played the witch in the original wizard of oz ?
when did the hawks win the nba championship ?
what was the name of the large open space in the center of rome ?
who plays dory's dad in finding dory ?
who is pam married to on the office ?
vice president of the confederacy during the civil war ?
where did the last name paniagua come from ?
who was elected governor of texas in 1863 ?
chief justice of the supreme court political party ?
who plays ray in princess and the frog ?
who did alabama play in the championship last year ?
who has the most touchdowns in an nfl season ?
when was the mosque of ibn tulun built ?
who is the voice of dory in finding dory ?
where did the emperor live in ancient rome ?
paper required for printing indian currency notes is manufactured in which city ?
where do they manufacture money in south africa ?
who plays tony dinozzo's father on ncis ?
when did the six day war begin and end ?
when was the book 13 reasons why published ?
the largest state capitol building in the u.s. is located in which state ?
where is the end of the f ing world filmed ?
what is the population of schenectady new york ?
who is the current managing director of nnpc ?
what event spurred the creation of the republican party ?
when was the last time the colts made it to the playoffs ?
how many zeros does the number google have ?
who played the original joker in the batman series ?
when did bob dylan write to make you feel my love ?
what do you call a native of dundee ?
who played anakin in star wars episode 1 ?
who has won the most world series national league or american league ?
how strong was hurricane katrina when it hit ?
where have the mescalero apache settled in new mexico ?
how many times have the new york mets won the world series ?
where does a dog's journey take place ?
when the sounds in a composition are left to chance we call this type of music ?
when was the original stephen kings it released ?
who plays taylor on young and the restless ?
how many seats are there in the parliament of ghana ?
what article of the constitution describes the relationship between state and federal governments ?
who sang does he love you with reba mcentire ?
where does the equator go through south america ?
when did winnipeg jets come back to winnipeg ?
who was the last nba player to be drafted from high school ?
who plays the female lead in the movie raam leela ?
when did the first tomb raider film come out ?
where is the home and family show filmed ?
who won the civil war battle of antietam ?
who plays ryan in the movie game night ?
who starred in the movie a summer place ?
who has designed the symbol of indian currency ?
who married mr. wickham in pride and prejudice ?
who won the election in a sound of thunder ?
what continent is new zealand part of map ?
what military museum is located adjacent to eglin air force base in florida ?
who is the head of state in china ?
how many colleges are in the state of maryland ?
what are a few of the different dialects spoken in germany ?
who ruled during the golden age of the abbasid caliphate ?
who stars in the hit tv show master of none ?
when did british columbia became a province of canada ?
who is the speaker of the house elected by ?
who is you know who in harry potter ?
who plays casey ryback niece in under siege 2 ?
when does black butler book of atlantic come out ?
who wrote lyrics to sign of the times ?
who is the father in rumor has it ?
when did trenton become the capital of new jersey ?
how many seats are in the united states senate ?
what is the english translation of the welsh national anthem ?
who is the youngest person to be elected president ?
who plays chris on fear the walking dead ?
where do the philadelphia eagles play their home games ?
who wrote it was almost like a song ?
who win the best actor award in 2017 ?
what is the population of spanish speakers in the u.s ?
who acted in the original star is born ?
who helped the rise of orthodox christianity in russia by converting to the religion ?
how many alien vs predator films are there ?
who elects the national people's congress in china ?
when did the holocaust museum in washington dc open ?
who did the new england patriots play this year ?
who was the head of the soviet union when it collapsed ?
who does chris pratt play in the lego movie ?
name of current minister of agriculture in nigeria ?
when did they build the pyramids of giza ?
what is the name of the wife in up ?
who played young celie in the movie the color purple ?
who was the original actor who played maigret ?
how many series are there of american horror story ?
when did the first captain america movie come out ?
where does the river thames stop being tidal ?
who plays ian banks on one tree hill ?
who played jennifer in back to the future part 1 ?
what was the official beginning of world war ii in europe ?
when did the ny giants move to san francisco ?
organization that is owned and operated by its members ?
who played fez from that 70's show ?
who has run for president the most times ?
who is the youngest us president elected to the office ?
who was the treasurer of the united states in 1950 ?
what years was the a team on tv ?
who voiced jack in rise of the guardians ?
who made the following statement in wildness is the preservation of the world ?
who played the mean old lion in the wiz ?
where is olympic national park located in washington ?
who played chuck yeager's wife in the right stuff ?
who played scarlett in gone with the wind ?
how many fast and furious movies are there ?
when did nigeria became a member of united nation ?
what movie does the song somewhere out there come from ?
the united states is an example of what type of economy ?
who does peter's voice on family guy ?
what actor plays finnick in the hunger games ?
who voiced charlie brown in the peanuts movie ?
what afl teams home ground is the mcg ?
where does the water from the riverwalk come from ?
who played dr minnick on grey's anatomy ?
when did the bolsheviks win the civil war ?
who won best british male solo artist at this year's brit awards ?
how many major languages are there in india ?
who was in charge of writing the declaration of independence ?
who won xfactor in the year of one direction ?
who determines who the government will be in australia ?
who played john in hush hush sweet charlotte ?
what type of dance is madrid known for ?
who are the three central figures in hinduism ?
who gets to vote on the heisman trophy ?
who plays donnie in wolf of wall street ?
when did the yankees last play in the world series ?
who killed kyle's parents in the killing ?
which nations are permanent members of the united nations security council ?
what does the suffix ic mean in croatian ?
when was the first tower block built in england ?
where did the idea of a representative government come from ?
where was the movie night and day filmed ?
which is the biggest country of the world ?
who played leah murphy on grey's anatomy ?
who starred in the french lieutenant's woman ?
who wrote notes on the state of virginia ?
who played the role of gabbar in film sholay ?
who is the vice president if the president dies ?
where is the university of north dakota located ?
what category was hurricane matthew when he hit florida ?
who played lex luthor in the original 1978 superman movie ?
who was the winning coach on the voice last season ?
who plays stuart minkus in girl meets world ?
how many members are in the massachusetts senate ?
what is the tv series the deuce about ?
where does dia de los muertos take place ?
who was the singer that was killed by his father ?
who is the kicker for the new york giants ?
who played as darth vader in star wars ?
who played the lead female role in rosemary's baby ?
who is a is on pretty little liars ?
when did manchester city get promoted to the premier league ?
who played gilbert blythe anne with an e ?
who does the voice of stewie on family guy ?
who played kit keller in a league of their own ?
who starred in the movie grapes of wrath ?
who is the elected governor of puerto rico ?
where is the little house in the big woods located ?
who wrote the song joy to the world ?
when did arsenal win the fa cup last ?
who is the british ambassador to the us ?
when was the first james bond film released ?
who organized the native resistance to the british ?
who said et tu brute in julius caesar ?
who plays charles dickens in the man who invented christmas ?
what type of bank is bank of america ?
who played starr manning on one life to live ?
artist frida kahlo is well known for her ?
how many kanji characters are there in japanese ?
who wrote the majority of the federalist papers ?
who plays sonny's son on general hospital ?
where are the four corners of the united states ?
when did the last american revolution veteran died ?
what is the largest county in population in tennessee ?
does arizona have a republican or democratic governor ?
who played the role of fallon in prestige ?
in risk is afghanistan in europe or asia ?
when did george lucas come up with the idea of star wars ?
is puerto rico in north or central america ?
who is the mother in how i met you mother ?
what is the executive branch of government in canada ?
where is aaron judge from the new york yankees from ?
when did man utd last won a trophy ?
when did microsoft begin its business in india ?
who plays the emperor in emperor's new groove ?
where did the war in iraq take place ?
when did the sacramento kings win the nba championship ?
when did the ncaa tournament expanded to 68 teams ?
where was channel 4's the state filmed ?
elton john's first number one hit song ?
what is the meaning of khuda hafiz in hindi ?
what war was the movie the patriot based on ?
when did the chicago cubs last win the world series ?
who's the actress that plays in molly's game ?
where is the american conference basketball tournament being played ?
movie with james caan and james earl jones ?
what is the state flowers of uttar pradesh ?
where does the prime minister of australia live ?
great britain's royal family is an example of a ?
where was the movie sicario day of the soldado filmed ?
when was the last jesse stone movie made ?
which branch of government makes laws in australia ?
what nation is in possession of the sinai peninsula today ?
who is the actor that plays mike in stranger things ?
who played guitar solo on let it be ?
what was the codename for the persian gulf war ?
when was the first bullet train in japan ?
when did toms river win the little league world series ?
role of national human right commission in nigeria ?
where is the national open university of nigeria located ?
where does the mayor of new york work ?
what is the name of belle's father ?
who has held the office of chief minister of the longest time ?
who played the wife in the sixth sense ?
what is the animal on liverpool's crest ?
when did the first maze runner movie come out ?
who played the genie on i dream of jeannie ?
what is the predominant form of religion in kenya ?
who is the actor who plays ronan in guardians of the galaxy ?
how many apps are in the google play store ?
when was little house on the prairie published ?
who are the winning coaches of the voice ?
when did salvador dali paint the persistence of memory ?
who was the song dear mr president written about ?
who played roo stewarts mum in home and away ?
the biggest nuclear power plant in the world ?
what is the greek word for speaking in tongues ?
who played kirk's mother in star trek ?
what is the largest state in america by size ?
who are the speakers of in flanders fields ?
what is the name of the capital of usa ?
who presides over the joint session of parliament ?
who played tom cruises wife in the firm ?
what is the name of the largest city in ecuador ?
where was the movie the proposal filmed at ?
who played brabinger in to the manor born ?
what event allowed the british to send more troops to fight against the united states ?
who plays roy in season 4 of grace and frankie ?
who holds the most points in a nba game ?
when did the original godzilla movie come out ?
what teams are in the finals for nba ?
when did roger federer win his first major ?
who was the intended audience of the first continental congress ?
who appoints the deputy director of the fbi ?
who played the lead actress role in movie mirror mirror ?
who came in 2nd in the first presidential election ?
where is the indian air force academy located ?
when was the last time the cincinnati reds had a winning season ?
what general was in charge of the revolutionary forces in the battle of bunker hill ?
what is the type of government in brazil ?
who plays sarah walker in brothers and sisters ?
when does the school year start in vietnam ?
where in australia was crocodile dundee 2 filmed ?
where does ryan go to college in the oc ?
who is in charge of a republic government ?
who plays grand moff tarkin in star wars ?
who plays the little girl in twilight breaking dawn part 2 ?
where is the abrahamic covenant found in the bible ?
when did the nashville predators become a team ?
the tenure of the office of a senator in pakistan is ?
who played steve mcdonald's wife in coronation street ?
who is the best selling novelist of all time ?
where did germany place in the world cup ?
who starred in the original tv show the equalizer ?
who was the first known author in the history of western literature ?
when did the san francisco 49ers win their last super bowl ?
what shakespeare play is sons of anarchy based on ?
where did the movie forrest gump take place ?
who was known as the father of indian national congress ?
who played lois lane in the tv series superman ?
who won the election for mayor in cincinnati ohio ?
movie going to the center of the earth ?
who played bill sikes in the 1968 film oliver ?
who played aragon in the lord of the rings movies ?
who does department of homeland security report to ?
where is the world cup championship being played ?
when is the last time the cleveland browns made the playoffs ?
where is the kola peninsula located on a map ?
who represents wellesley in the house of representatives ?
who played the king in conan the barbarian ?
is staten island in new jersey or new york ?
who played lois lane in superman the movie ?
what was the ancient name for modern-day iraq ?
india is situated in which part of asia ?
who was the starting quarterback for the vikings ?
when is hong kong handed back to china ?
who was president when congress declared war on spain ?
when did bob dylan wrote knockin on heavens door ?
what's the date today according to islamic calendar ?
who played barney fife on the andy griffith show ?
who was the author of the book entitled mudrarakshasa ?
what is the longest running game show in the united states ?
this country occupies the western part of hispaniola ?
who does cartman's voice on south park ?
who is the actor that plays jorah mormont ?
who played the wardrobe in beauty and the beast live action ?
who plays the witch in the last witch hunter ?
when did michael jordan get drafted to the nba ?
when did french become canada's second language ?
how many nba games does each team play ?
who is the star of the movie taken ?
how much does it cost to renew cuban passport ?
when was the last time cleveland browns won a championship ?
where did hurricane harvey make its first landfall ?
when did the new york giants beat the new england patriots in the super bowl ?
who played tight end for the dallas cowboys ?
who won sports personality of the year please ?
where did most of the english language come from ?
who is the secretary of state of new york ?
in the special senate election in alabama who is the democrat and republican running for the seat ?
who follows the secretary of state in presidential succession ?
what is the name of the football team in facing the giants ?
where does the tv show hometown take place ?
who wrote give me a home among the gum trees ?
where is first hockey club set up in world ?
who gave the first in person state of the union ?
who played oscar in the odd couple tv show ?
a genetic disorder that causes a moderate to severe mental disability is called ?
what is the name for ancient egyptian writing ?
who is the president of iowa state university ?
who plays kelly on the drew carey show ?
who played the green girl in star trek ?
how many prime ministers in the queen's reign ?
what year did the pistons win their last championship ?
what was the largest hurricane to hit the us ?
who is responsible for enforcing the national electrical code ?
when was the last time miami dolphins won their division ?
when was the last time texas was a democratic state ?
who played bree van de kamp in desperate housewives ?
where is the movie father of the year filmed ?
who played thor's mother in marvel films ?
who played mandras in captain corelli's mandolin ?
what were the planks of the people’s party ?
who did janet jones play in a league of their own ?
how many super bowl appearances for dallas cowboys ?
european countries in same time zone as uk ?
who beat the steelers in the super bowl ?
who said when i was a child i spoke as a child ?
which political party was created by thomas jefferson which promoted a more limited government ?
who won series 13 america's got talent ?
when did nick foles come to the eagles ?
who played david on one day at a time ?
who played michael myers in halloween in 2007 ?
how many religions are in the world today ?
who did france support in the 30 years war ?
where is the story of joseph in the bible found ?
who built the famous jama masjid in delhi ?
who were the latins where did they live ?
what is the name of the clemson mascot ?
what is the united states phone country code ?
what is the name of the first state university in nigeria ?
who does nick cannon play in roll bounce ?
what did the european export from the caribbean ?
what do we call the currency of australia ?
who are the democratic candidates running for governor in tennessee ?
who was the last team to repeat as super bowl champions ?
who plays the drug dealer in the inbetweeners ?
when was the white house moved to d.c ?
who does mila kunis play in american dad ?
who played lead guitar on for what it's worth ?
what does tfsi stand for on an audi tt ?
when is the last time the kansas city chiefs went to the superbowl ?
who played the role of milkha singh in the bhaag milkha bhaag ?
india's time zone is same as which country ?
what is most popular religion in the world ?
where did the civil war end in 1865 ?
who plays gandolf in the lord of the rings ?
the fête galante is most associated with which artist ?
who plays grace in the american girl movie ?
who was the music director of ashutosh gowariker period drama jodha akbar ?
what is the current population of miami florida ?
where did the us build a canal in latin america ?
what movies did clint eastwood won oscars for ?
what is an example of an applied science ?
what is the meaning of the name charles ?
when did the dance by garth brooks come out ?
who wrote the lyrics to sweet child of mine ?
what is the currency in the uk called ?
who was the last president of south africa ?
who does elena from vampire diaries end up with ?
approximately how many different languages are spoken in nigeria a. 6 c. 75 b. 29 d. 180 ?
who plays peyton's dad in one tree hill ?
when was beauty and the beast released on dvd ?
who selects the president when no candidate receives a majority of electoral votes ?
who plays aaron in the prince of egypt ?
which state is the successor of the ussr ?
when did the new york mets became a team ?
at what age did lebron james enter the nba ?
when did the bucks last win a playoff series ?
who does phoebe get married to in friends ?
where are the badlands located in south dakota ?
ancient area of asia minor including aegean islands ?
how old was the last king of england when he died ?
when did the white sox win their last world series ?
who was the first african american presidential candidate nominated ?
who played hillary curtis on the young and the restless ?
who played the mother in the horse whisperer ?
where did the dallas cowboys play before texas stadium ?
who was the publisher of brave new world ?
who was the leader of the confederate army ?
which name is given to the style of football played by spain ?
who plays regina in once upon a time ?
what form of communication did ancient greece use ?
who are the republican candidates running for governor of illinois ?
who is allowed to vote in south africa ?
what are the dads names in mama mia ?
name the vice president of the united states ?
who wrote the wife of bath's tale ?
where was the day of the dead originated ?
what group of organisms does the causitive agent of malaria belong to ?
what is the state bird flower and tree of indiana ?
who sang the song wreck of the edmund fitzgerald ?
what is the holy book of the jewish religion ?
who wrote the music for sound of music ?
what is the largest city on the island of hawaii ?
who won best rock album of the year ?
where does the last name lucio come from ?
who stars in the 50 shades of grey movie ?
how many hat tricks has messi scored in la liga ?
what was the capital of iowa before des moines ?
which house of congress is the house of representatives ?
who did denver beat in the super bowl ?
in a republican state the head of the state is ?
where was the majority of the civil war fought ?
who was president when the panama canal opened ?
battle of shiloh where did it take place ?
who is the governing body for australian basketball ?
where is the united states secretary of state office ?
when does the movie rampage come out in theaters ?
who played the original jason morgan on general hospital ?
what major desert encompasses most of northern africa ?
what type of government does the us constitution establish ?
who does rayna end up with in nashville ?
what is the most common language spoken in bangladesh ?
when did hurricane matthew make landfall in nc ?
germany's correctional system is based on what kind of law ?
the tell tale heart where does he hide the body ?
is tasmania a state or territory in australia ?
when did the first ys game come out ?
who plays the prince of wales in victoria and abdul ?
what is the name of the egyptian beetle ?
who starred in the original thomas crown affair ?
who was the first convert to the faith called islam ?
jack ryan season 1 has how many episodes ?
who did the music for in the heat of the night ?
when did the first go pro come out ?
who plays bryce loski in the movie flipped ?
who plays marty in back to the future ?
who plays john wick's wife in movie ?
who does lauren cohan play in the walking dead ?
who wrote the book of 1 and 2 thessalonians ?
when did the black civil rights movement start ?
who were the gods and goddesses who were considered the chthonic gods ?
which actor was in all star wars movies ?
who did the us fight in the revolutionary war ?
who is the us mens national team coach ?
what is the type of government in fiji ?
who played bernie in the movie weekend at bernies ?
who won the first world series baseball game ?
who wrote the song the nearness of you ?
when was the peak district national park established ?
where is the headquarter of handicap international situated ?
who was the last military general to be elected president ?
what movie was the song knock on wood in ?
where does the movie silent hill take place ?
what are the ingredients of a shirley temple ?
who did the tigers trade for jose iglesias ?
how many cities are in the state of alabama ?
who began the reformed movement (a branch of the protestant reformation) in zurich switzerland ?
who directed the 2009 movie angles and demons ?
who was the us president when the united nations was formed ?
who is the narrator in the grinch movie ?
who played the scarecrow in the batman movie ?
who played davy crockett in the tv series ?
what does the president of the united states earn ?
where did the ottoman empire extend to at its peak ?
who was the last person born in 1899 ?
how many u.s. senators are there and how long is a senator's term ?
who played samson's mother in the movie samson ?
where did the los angeles kings come from ?
who is the leader of the pc party in ontario ?
who plays maggie horton on days of our lives ?
where is the national baseball hall of fame ?
what movie is your song by elton john in ?
who played guitar on heart full of soul ?
who does tom hanks play in the simpsons movie ?
where does walmart get its great value products ?
when was the chronicle of a death foretold written ?
when did elton john's rocket man come out ?
what years did trinidad and tobago won miss universe ?
when did the us have a standing army ?
is north america a continent or a country ?
who did david hasselhoff play on young and restless ?
what does the name kyra mean in japanese ?
who is the defensive coordinator for the denver broncos ?
what is the mountain range between europe and asia ?
what team won the first nfl super bowl ?
nigeria police force belongs to which organ of government ?
how many laliga goals does ronaldo have this season ?
who plays clara stanton in when calls the heart ?
anne of green gables where was it filmed ?
the agreement to create a free-trade zone between the united states canada and mexico is called ?
when was the first animal rights law passed ?
what is the most popular religion in united states ?
what is the name of the coffee in the bucket list ?
when did zidane join real madrid as a coach ?
actress who played jane in pride and prejudice ?
who won the nba championship 2 years ago ?
who played the leprechaun in the leprechaun movies ?
where did the colonists of massachusetts come from ?
who is the band in wish upon a star ?
when did the new york giants franchise start ?
what city is the texas state fair in ?
who wrote the message translation of the bible ?
who was the first indian governor of the reserve bank of india ?
when did the first season of parks and rec come out ?
who played john connor's mother in terminator ?
who was the president of soviet union in 1971 ?
who plays andy in the original child's play ?
south africa’s legislative capital (in which the national parliament meets) is ?
who did houston astros play in the playoffs ?
who plays the son of lucifer in supernatural ?
what is the name of founder of facebook ?
who played beast in beauty and the beast tv show ?
actress who plays jill on the young and the restless ?
how many california state senate members are there ?
which part of canada is closest to detroit ?
who owns the trump tower in new york ?
who plays paul on the young and the restless ?
charismatic military leaders of early israel before they had a king were called by what term ?
when did the soviet union join the un ?
where did jaren jackson senior play college basketball ?
what is the voice translation of the bible ?
what is the real name of the bean in chicago ?
what is the population of san luis obispo ?
where does the illinois river meet the mississippi river ?
who plays tony in west side story movie ?
where did the atlanta braves play before turner field ?
who were the three european kings who participated in the third crusade ?
who plays sonny's father in general hospital ?
who dies at the end of three sisters ?
where did the proverb it takes a village to raise a child originate ?
who won the best actor award for the oscars ?
what year did the equality act come into effect ?
when did william shakespeare wrote merchant of venice ?
where is the source of the amazon river found ?
what role did chrishell stause play on the young and the restless ?
when does star wars land open in california ?
who played alex cahill on walker texas ranger ?
where was the last scene of willy wonka filmed ?
when did babe ruth get into the hall of fame ?
when did taylor swift released her first album ?
who won record of the year at the grammys ?
how many seasons are there of america's got talent ?
what is the name of us national anthem ?
who plays president lincoln in the movie lincoln ?
what is the gaslight district in san diego ?
what is the line in the middle of a time zone that in theory determines the time of that zone ?
who is the movie the duchess based on ?
what is the island that moana lives on called ?
who played michael corleone's bodyguard in godfather 2 ?
when did the tampa bay bucs win the superbowl ?
who was the british commander in boston in 1775 ?
when did the british royal house change its name from saxe-coburg and gotha to windsor ?
what is the total population of new england ?
who is red riding hood in once upon a time ?
where do the san francisco giants play baseball ?
what is the name of heroine in hindi medium ?
when did north and south vietnam become one country ?
when is the last time mt fuji erupted ?
who is the actor in boy meets world ?
where did trey lyles go to high school ?
when did the sisters of charity arrived in australia ?
who plays jordan ridgeway on days of our lives ?
what film is the song st elmo's fire from ?
who wrote the music to rocky horror picture show ?
what is the name of psquare first song ?
who won the first fa cup in 1871 ?
who has the most wins as a head coach in the nfl ?
who sang in the super bowl halftime last year ?
where is the nuclear waste from nuclear power plants in the united states currently being stored ?
who played boss hogg in the new dukes of hazzard ?
who played the role of shahrukh khan son in kabhi khushi kabhi gham ?
where does the yenisei river start and end ?
what is the term of office for the supreme court ?
where does the last name estevez come from ?
the jewish view of god can be expressed as ?
when was the last super bowl the giants won ?
who was serving as the us president just prior to the 1860 election ?
where does the electron transport train take place ?
who played the little girl in corrina corrina ?
who played the female lead role in the movie 'bobby' ?
what kind of bass does john cooper play ?
who plays hodgins on the tv show bones ?
who played the cop in fairytale of new york ?
list the main political positions adopted by the federalist party ?
when did the us enter japan in ww2 ?
what is ed sheeran's record label called ?
what movies did eddie murphy and martin lawrence play in together ?
where does iran rank in the world by gdp ?
what is the money called in puerto rico ?
who did kirk cousins play for in 2017 ?
how many floors does trump tower chicago have ?
who was the atlanta falcons quarterback in 1991 ?
who is the captain of colombia football team ?
who played vincent on beauty and the beast ?
who won last chance kitchen joe or brother ?
who is the president pro tempore of the state senate ?
the tallest mountain of nevada is very close to its border with what state ?
who won the virginia governor race in 2017 ?
who won game 1 of the 2018 nba finals ?
who wrote the greatest love of all whitney houston ?
how many union soldiers fought in the battle of vicksburg ?
who passed on michael jordan in the nba draft ?
who did serena williams beat in the olympics ?
what movie has the song upside down in it ?
who killed hotchner's wife in criminal minds ?
when did dutch settlers come to south africa ?
who did aaron judge play for last year ?
who is the mother on how i met your mother ?
who sang beauty school dropout in the film grease ?
what year did the movie holes come out ?
what was simon and garfunkel's first album ?
ok google what is the capital of belgium ?
how many judges are there in the united states supreme court ?
what percentage of the united states lives in california ?
who plays wilmas mom in the flintstones movie ?
which county has won the most all ireland football titles ?
how many countries are in nato in 2017 ?
where does the last name frank come from ?
when is the last time the minnesota vikings have been in the playoffs ?
who made the national anthem of the philippines ?
where is the world's largest desert located ?
which is the first legend of zelda game ?
where is the setting for the movie it ?
where do you check in at an airport ?
what is the capital city of northern island ?
what kind of chinese do they speak in beijing ?
who is the actor who plays jacob in twilight ?
who plays natasha in american horror story season 5 ?
who is the goddess of love in egypt ?
who is the mother of moses in the holy bible ?
who was the british monarch when canada became a country ?
when did poland become part of the eu ?
when did the new york giants go to the superbowl ?
how old was sheldon when his father died ?
when did justin biebers song baby come out ?
who played biff in back to the future movies ?
who is the actor who plays lord voldemort ?
who does elizabeth marry in when calls the heart ?
is usa in south america or north america ?
if your from panama what are you called ?
where were the first colonial settlements in australia founded ?
how many games do la liga teams play ?
who played bo duke on dukes of hazzard ?
who is the actor who plays mike in stranger things ?
who took over as president of the iea ?
who played richard kimble in the tv series ?
who wrote émile a landmark book of educational theory ?
who plays lola in my heart beats for lola ?
how long is the new stephen king movie it ?
when was the last time congress declared war on another nation ?
what is the university of miami's mascot ?
what president was never elected as president or vice president ?
who won the mvp in the super bowl this year ?
where is the area code 575 located in ?
what is the main language spoken in cuba ?
who sang school's out for summer song ?
president's right to say no to new legislation ?
is cork in northern ireland or the republic of ireland ?
who does annie end up with in parks and rec ?
who plays julia roberts daughter in the movie mother's day ?
how many times has brad pitt been nominated for an oscar ?
who does jason from true blood end up with ?
actress who played ruth in fried green tomatoes ?
when was the last super bowl win for the cowboys ?
when were the us involved in the vietnam war ?
who plays spider man in amazing spider man ?
who played ambrose in the film hello dolly ?
what is the name of the prime minister of guyana ?
who played mrs. hathaway on the beverly hillbillies ?
when did the original disney movies come out ?
what is the most densely populated western european country ?
las vegas is in which state of usa ?
when did malaysia gain independence from great britain ?
what does pax romana mean and why is it important ?
who is the federal reserve system overseen by ?
where did atlanta falcons play before the georgia dome ?
where are you from if you are samoan ?
who plays nick's dad in new girl ?
when did the broklyn dodgers move to la ?
when did newfoundland become a part of canada ?
how long are the high school musical movies ?
what is the name of the capital city of canada ?
when did the california angels change their name ?
where was whale rider filmed in new zealand ?
who is the current secretary of department of homeland security ?
who is bradley cooper playing in a star is born ?
with reference to the religious practice in india the sthanakvasi sect belongs to ?
what kind of economy does the usa have ?
when does jystice league come out on dvd ?
where did the first settlers of quebec come from ?
what two countries were involved in the battle of midway ?
who was the city of houston named after ?
when did kobe get drafted to the lakers ?
who wrote the original lyrics to pink cadillac ?
when did the new york yankees last win a world series ?
who was the egyptian god of the nile ?
what episode of family guy is the time machine ?
who's the starting quarterback for the buffalo bills ?
who was involved in the iran iraq war ?
the highest officials in the government of the roman republic were ?
when did the us become involved in vietnam ?
where was the first skyscraper built in the united states ?
who is the actor that plays hell boy ?
when was the first book in jk rowling's harry potter series published ?
who built the king and queen building in atlanta ?
what kind of leader does south korea have ?
who did the white sox play in the 2005 world series ?
who played lois lane in the original superman movie ?
when does the wall street journal magazine come out ?
what states is the cardinal the state bird ?
when did the movie forever my girl come out ?
when did the reds last won a world series ?
when was the first residential school built in canada ?
when was the white house called the white house ?
how many tribes are there in the philippines ?
when was the last game michael jordan played ?
what star wars movie does yoda first appear in ?
who does messi play for in the world cup ?
who is representing the united states in the miss universe pageant ?
who does cleveland's voice on family guy ?
who won the college national championship last year ?
who does dwight howard play for in the nba ?
who won mvp 2018 nba all star game ?
where did the british royal family live before buckingham palace ?
what is the title of the person who leads the house of representatives ?
who does stewie's voice on family guy ?
what document led to the formation of a bicameral legislature ?
who does mark hamill voice in regular show ?
how many us military bases in other countries ?
how much horsepower does a gmc syclone have ?
what kind of government is there in myanmar ?
when was the movie of the outsiders released ?
where did the kid from the blind side go to college ?
what is the most popular newspaper in the uk ?
who played frodo baggins in the lord of the rings movie ?
who wrote love on the brain by rihanna ?
who is vincent's father in the godfather ?
when did the tampa bay buccaneers win a superbowl ?
who plays edward meechum in house of cards ?
where was the mona lisa found after it was stolen ?
when did the lead singer from queen die ?
what are the names of the tweenies characters ?
who is an example of a nationalist romantic composer ?
city in the middle of the united states ?
who did lou williams play for last year ?
who plays the son in how i met your mother ?
who plays ellis grey in grey's anatomy ?
who chooses the prime minister in the uk ?
how many episodes in series 7 of once upon a time ?
where is the champions league cup final being held ?
how many sinn fein mps in northern ireland ?
when does the show new amsterdam come on ?
who played the elf princess in lord of the rings ?
when was the last time the astros won in the world series ?
who did jamie campbell play in harry potter ?
who is brad pitt playing in war machine ?
who does betty draper have an affair with ?
what is the language of antigua and barbuda ?
who was the book of genesis written by ?
who won the 1958 college football national championship ?
what was burt reynold's character name on gunsmoke ?
when did the dodgers win a world series ?
who starred in the remake of cape fear ?
who did adam rodriguez play in incredibles 2 ?
who has won the nobel peace prize twice ?
is guyana part of the caribbean or south america ?
where was the movie how it ends filmed ?
what is the area code of jeddah saudi arabia ?
by what name is the brahmaputra known in tibet and bangladesh ?
who is acting deputy president of south africa ?
when did ronaldo started playing for manchester united ?
what episode does lex luthor return in smallville ?
who is the vice president of south sudan ?
who plays jem in to kill a mockingbird ?
how many episodes is the jack ryan series ?
whose autobiography has the title a long walk to freedom ?
who announces the president at the state of the union ?
who played kit marlowe in shakespeare in love ?
where does the paper for us currency come from ?
how many million inhabitants are there in india ?
who plays the first game of the nfl regular season ?
what number super bowl did the eagles win ?
who does chris parnell play in rick and morty ?
where was the film all the money in the world filmed ?
what happened to the governor of the bastille ?
who did modric play for in the premier league ?
how many premier league goals has drogba scored ?
who is the founder of what's app ?
in what state will you find kansas city and independence ?
who won the golden globe award for best actor - motion picture drama 2017 ?
who played the smoking man in x files ?
who won the nba scoring title this year ?
who was king of england in the 1700s ?
when was the first soccer world cup played ?
how many house of representatives are there in kansas ?
who did domonique foxworth play for in the nfl ?
who is the next person to be executed in the united states ?
when does michael ray's album come out ?
who played damien in the movie the omen ?
where does the time zone change in northern indiana ?
who was the mountain mount mckinley officially named for ?
where does the us ambassador live in london ?
when was the last time the home team played in the super bowl ?
who were the creators of the declaration of independence ?
what became the unifying nationalist language of indonesia ?
harry potter and the philosopher's stone producers ?
who is the mother of jesus in the bible ?
who is the secretary of the department of housing and urban development ?
who played abraham lincoln in the movie lincoln ?
where does the water in niagra falls come from ?
who is the actress that plays kasie on ncis ?
when did albert einstein publish his first paper ?
which country has the largest economy in europe ?
when was the star wars theme song composed ?
what books of the bible are included in the torah ?
when did england go to war with spain ?
where is the movie cargo based out of ?
name the current speaker of the united states house of representatives ?
when was beijing made the capital of china ?
what is the name of the church of england ?
which is the first book of sherlock holmes ?
how many provinces are there in the uk ?
what part of ireland do sullivans come from ?
what kind of government does israel have today ?
who played jamie shipley in the big short ?
when did the new shape audi a6 come out ?
who created the quantum mechanical model of the atom ?
when did the la dodgers win the world series ?
where does the euro star stop in paris ?
who plays garcia's boyfriend on criminal minds ?
what countries have dutch as their official language ?
who is the winner of rising star season ?
where did poland come in the world cup ?
who has the biggest contract in the nba ?
when did grant take charge of the union army ?
in which year was the raymomd group incorporated ?
what does the japanese word maru mean in english ?
when did the actor from lazy town die ?
which two countries are on the western border of bolivia ?
how many bodies of water make up the great lakes in north america ?
which country has the largest land area in south america ?
who played agent smith in the matrix trilogy ?
who led the turkish counterattack at chunuk bair ?
who did danny manning play for in college ?
when are the next olympic games going to be held ?
who plays death's voice in family guy ?
what side of the street do they drive on in sweden ?
when did the princess bride movie come out ?
who plays liam in season 1 of black mirror ?
where did the last name burton originate from ?
country in horn of africa with capital same name ?
what is the meaning of raj mistri in english ?
who scored in the 2002 world cup final ?
does canada have a prime minister or a president ?
who came up with the group name the temptations ?
star wars rebels mid season 4 release date ?
what is another name for the senate in australia ?
how many episodes of jane the virgin is there ?
who organized the march on washington in 1963 ?
how many episodes in the originals season 2 ?
when was van halen's first album released ?
who played in the super bowl in 2007 ?
what was japan foreign policy in the tokugawa era ?
when was the st louis cardinals stadium built ?
when did rome switch from latin to italian ?
is florida in the north or south of america ?
what is the longest running show in television history ?
who were the plebeians in the early roman republic ?
fly me to the moon who wrote it ?
who built the temple of bruhadiswara at tanjavore ?
which state there is a vidhan parishad for legislative purpose ?
who plays gimli in the lord of the rings ?
who is the actor who plays denny on grey's anatomy ?
is central america part of the north or south american continent ?
name of prime minister of india from 1947 to 2017 ?
how many episodes are there in the crown on netflix ?
when did the last chucky movie come out ?
who plays yondu on guardians of the galaxy ?
where did dorothy from wizard of oz live ?
who played barney stinson in how i met your mother ?
who was british pm and viceroy during quit india movement ?
who did the giants beat to get to the super bowl ?
how many countries are us troops in right now ?
what other continent does europe share landmass with ?
who plays the voice of venom in the movie ?
what are the last four digits in a zip code ?
who is running for us senate from michigan ?
which location has non voting representation in congress ?
who played mickey pearce in only fools and horses ?
when did the movie little monsters come out ?
what are the languages spoken in the bahamas ?
who played scotty's dad on general hospital ?
what side of the road does japan use ?
what was the date of the first olympics ?
how many states is there in united states ?
who is the actor who plays captain america ?
what is the most northern point of land in the uk ?
washington dc is located near the border of what two states ?
who wrote the words to wagner's opera tristan und isolde ?
when was the first form of government created ?
who was the president of the confederacy states ?
who were the two sides in the english civil war ?
who plays po in kung fu panda legends of awesomeness ?
who got the best actor award in 2016 ?
who composed the music for lord of the rings ?
who played tarkin in the original star wars ?
where was the movie true memoirs of an international assassin filmed ?
who composed the first national anthem of nigeria ?
when was the first miss america pageant televised ?
what was the codename given to the evacuation of dunkirk ?
who plays whitney houston in the bodyguard musical ?
what is the main religion in greece today ?
what is the meaning of the name ignatius ?
where is the office of the vice president of the united states ?
what happened to the original singer of sublime ?
who is the coach of the houston cougars basketball ?
what team did fleury play for before vegas ?
the galapagos islands are located 900 km off the coast of ?
who does seth macfarlane play on american dad ?
what are the children's names in how i met your mother ?
in what year did the dodgers move to los angeles ?
where is the new england patriots stadium located ?
what are the 3 branches of government in south africa ?
who plays spike in buffy the vampire slayer ?
where is the main famine effected continent in the world ?
who played sara lance in arrow season 2 ?
who played charles winchester the third on mash ?
who does vicks voice on f is for family ?
who did the raiders beat in the super bowl ?
when was the last time a hurricane hit the british isles ?
when did new zealand first win the america's cup ?
where was the movie charlie st. cloud filmed ?
what is the name of the mall in syracuse new york ?
how many letters does the french alphabet have ?
who played jason voorhees in freddy versus jason ?
what was the journey of the cherokee to indian territory called ?
who plays harold finch in person of interest ?
who appoints the secretary of state in texas ?
who does theseus marry in a midsummer night's dream ?
who was king of england when macbeth was written ?
when does kesha's full album come out ?
when did the first pixar movie come out ?
believe it or not was theme song for what tv show ?
where is david from love it or list it from ?
when did budapest became the capital of hungary ?
michael douglas morgan freeman robert de niro movie ?
where did they film seven years in tibet ?
when did mamma mia film first come out ?
how many episodes are in shamless season 9 ?
where did they film true memoirs of an international assassin ?
who did vincent van gogh sell his painting to ?
what is the population of sumter south carolina ?
how many episodes of peaky blinders season 3 ?
who played adam on touched by an angel ?
where does most of the chicken in the us come from ?
who is the actress that plays eleven in stranger things ?
where is willy wonka and the chocolate factory supposed to take place ?
who plays the girl in spider man homecoming ?
who is known as the apostle of the gentiles ?
who was the original singer of when you wish upon a star ?
when did texas become a state of the united states ?
how many episodes are in pose season 1 ?
who is the patron saint of adoptive parents ?
when did northern ireland become its own country ?
who played selena's mom in the movie ?
club mate rum and lime in this german drink ?
the last name of the royal family of england ?
where is the big ten basketball tournament held ?
when did the carolina panthers go to the superbowl ?
billy from days of our lives real name ?
who plays gabriel's mom on desperate housewives ?
what movie is the song some nights in ?
who plays james on how i met your mother ?
who built the mission san carlos borromeo de carmelo ?
who played kenny bud on the cosby show ?
what is emergency telephone number in the uk ?
how are members of congress and the senate chosen for their office ?
which government agency is responsible for managing the money supply in the united states ?
who died first in the play romeo and juliet ?
who has played the title role in mohan joshi hazir ho ?
who was the actress in my fair lady ?
how many presidents of the united states has there been ?
who has played amy farrah fowler's mother ?
new amsterdam was the main settlement in the dutch colony of ?
when did blue jays win the world series ?
where was the movie river's edge filmed ?
when was the capital built in washington dc ?
what is the most common language spoken in afghanistan ?
what university did chandler and ross go to ?
what year was the steelers last superbowl win ?
who won the popular vote in the election of 1824 who was elected president ?
who are the two teams that played in the superbowl last year ?
what is the name of madonna's first album ?
to go from luxor to the valley of the kings you cross which river ?
what is the percentage of african american in the us ?
who is the president of mexico in 2018 ?
where was far and away filmed in ireland ?
what's the name of the new spiderman movie ?
when did louis armstrong sing la vie en rose ?
the caribbean sea is part of which ocean ?
when was the last time the bulls made the playoffs ?
when did nike become a publicly traded company ?
what is the official language spoken in dominican republic ?
what is the largest country in south america ?
which period is known as the age of the fishes ?
who plays brennan's brother in step brothers ?
what is the correct hierarchy of the catholic church ?
when does the evening standard go to print ?
when was the last super bowl dallas cowboys won ?
how many french words are there in the english language ?
who has more power chief of staff or secretary of state ?
where do the washington capitals play their home games ?
who plays the oldest sister on last man standing ?
who played joe jackson in the michael jackson movie ?
when did great britain change its name to united kingdom ?
what is the main train station in milan ?
who was the last king of scotland based on ?
when did the first muppet movie come out ?
what are the three tribes that make up the sioux nation ?
who is the current lead singer for journey ?
who played faramir in lord of the rings movies ?
who plays mia tanner in wisdom of the crowd ?
what kind of books does david baldacci write ?
when was the last time the sixers won a championship ?
who gets the golden boot in world cup ?
who won the new orleans battle in the civil war ?
where is the origin of the rock river ?
how many movies are in the aliens series ?
who wrote the book for whom the bell tolls ?
when did the movie the shack come out ?
what is the age of consent in poland ?
who wrote the song america my country tis of thee ?
who was the king of england when winston churchill was prime minister ?
who is the u.s.'s biggest trading partner ?
when was the first king kong movie made ?
who plays as batman in batman vs superman ?
when did mccrory's go out of business ?
who played hank williams in the movie i saw the light ?
who played billy idol in the wedding singer ?
what song did patrick swayze write for dirty dancing ?
when did el salvador switch to the dollar ?
what building is on the cover of hotel california ?
how many times has spain been a republic ?
who ran for president in the election of 1796 ?
what part of new york is gossip girl set ?
when does the film mama mia come out ?
how many superbowl rings does the pittsburgh steelers have ?
who played henry in henry and the hendersons ?
where was the adventures of sherlock holmes published ?
who sang the theme song for the tv show good times ?
what james bond movie came after casino royale ?
who plays brian in the life of brian ?
who wrote the song what makes you beautiful by one direction ?
what movie is next in the marvel series ?
who wrote the national anthem of south africa ?
what college does michael go to in the blind side ?
who is the actor that plays albert in victoria ?
when was the south african national anthem officially adopted ?
who played rolf in the sound of music movie ?
is california in the north east south or west ?
who played the reporter in interview with a vampire ?
what song did jimmy page play with a bow ?
29. what is the primary language spoken in israel ?
what is the name of the turkish city formerly known as constantinople ?
what is the birthplace of an atlantic basin hurricane ?
where does robin hood live in disney movie ?
who was president when the federal reserve was created ?
which came first silent hill game or movie ?
who starred in the original father of the bride ?
what is the official title of the president of the united states ?
who does david johnson play for in the nfl ?
which team won the most la liga titles ?
where does the last name suazo come from ?
where is it believed that the inca tribe began ?
who does gabriel iglesias play in the star ?
who is the actress that plays ziva on ncis ?
who played the role of ben matlock in the original tv series ?
when did spain win the soccer world cup ?
who played elizabeth woodville in the television series the white queen ?
who is the present deputy governor of plateau state ?
who played sarah in the movie deep impact ?
who are the nine judges that sit on the state court of criminal appeals ?
when did the brooklyn dodgers become the los angeles dodgers ?
who is the actor who plays draco malfoy ?
who played flash gordon in the tv series ?
who plays amy adams husband in nocturnal animals ?
when did the popular vote for president begin ?
when did ukraine gain independence from the soviet union ?
who does drew end up with in the drew carey show ?
who plays boromir in lord of the rings ?
how many soldiers are in the us army ?
who played major hochstetter on hogan's heroes ?
who plays lilith as a little girl in supernatural ?
central region of the japanese island honshu site of mount fugi ?
a person who collects old objects ancient works of art or ancient times ?
where is the florida georgia game played at ?
when was the last time the ny giants won the superbowl ?
what type of government did the new country of the united states form ?
where did argentina come in the last world cup ?
where did meta world peace go to college ?
who played the waitress in the movie michael ?
who elected senators under the provisions of the constitution as originally ratified ?
who stars in the tv series lethal weapon ?
which country is second to opec in terms of oil production ?
who played guitar on it don't come easy ?
where was the movie devil's pass filmed ?
when was the u.s. capitol moved to washington d.c ?
where do the army football players go to school ?
who played dumbledore in the first two movies ?
who's got the most points in nba history ?
who was the winner for american got talent ?
